e
e e
well good morning folks this an audio
check real
quick all right latency test now
it's about three
seconds not bad not bad hope you're all
doing
well give everybody a minute or two here
just want to get a couple thousand mons
before I start
talking right again good morning happy
Monday to
you so we
are looking at the NASDAQ here and I'm
sure some of you are wondering what on
Earth is ICT hiding look in the upper
left you see that right there some of
you have't actually been leaving
comments saying all right dude what
indicate your
hid
um I have students all around the world
that will tip me off on some things
about some tools or little things that
uh trading
view don't know they see me doing
something maybe on a live stream or
something in a recording and I say hey
look at look at this I I think this will
be helpful for the most part most of the
things that they tell me either I know
about because another student has taught
me about trading views little hot
buttons or shortcuts whatnot which I'm
thankful for I'm not so old and set my
ways I won't learn something from
someone even a student if it's useful
not in trading but in technical stuff
like the trading view but
the little thing here is just the
[Music]
watermarks not that this is a plug for
any one of these individuals I'm train
I'm I'm testing them to see if
they accomplish what I want and honestly
this is not big enough for me I like to
be a little bit more obnoxious and
larger than that and this is just me
what I usually do I just
add something to move it around because
there's dip shits on other platforms and
they take my content and they act like
they're me and they not so as a reminder
I'm not only Instagram I'm not on
Discord I'm not on Facebook I'm
not teaching paid mentorships so people
are soliciting to you directly or
indirectly asking you for money that's
not me I'm not here doing it for free so
anyway I I got a lot of questions over
the weekend for students that have been
with me for a while and they wanted to
know how someone with more experience
would use what I'm outlining for Caleb's
model in their hands so I kind of
demonstrated that this morning I also
kind of like the segue into uh entry
entry entry patterns and uh how to enter
into the setups that we're looking for
also how to get over that hump of fear
of being wrong because before you start
trading with the demo account uh you're
going to be watching price action so
we're going to do a little bit of a Time
leap just for the sake of answering
questions also give the direction to my
son Caleb where he's going to be going
to next after spending some time doing
what we're doing he's not there yet so
don't don't don't think for a second he
understands how to determine the draw on
liquidity that's the part he's working
on so which is what every one of you are
probably going to and there's nothing
wrong with that it's taking you little
bit longer than you thought it was going
to just relax it's fun but the
uh the mechanics of
how we look at Price action uh the the
framework I'm going to start teaching on
this week and we'll be doing some
afternoon sessions as well this week too
but the uh Jackson H Symposium and Fed
chair pal is going to be jaw burning
several times this week uh we have a
speaker that's been talking I think for
about 11 minutes 12 minutes now or was
scheduled to I I don't care so much
about them and when pal talk I am aware
I'm trying to either be out of the way
before he starts talking and wait till
something happens and the the price
action that makes sense based on the
time he's talking they'll say it's
because of what he said and it's not
it's the actual intervention that's
being influenced over price action it's
not the buying and selling pressure it's
they will do certain things in price
action and
use the excuse that it was pal but it's
really just them maning me and that's
just the way it is but
the Jackson Hole Symposium is typically
an opportunity for some some wild stuff
to occur and you we'll probably see some
some really nice volatility on Wednesday
Thursday and Friday as the result of all
that so anyway uh we are looking at the
new week opening gap for this given week
and I
have to take you back to the one minute
chart this is how you calibrate your
your levels okay so here is the
settlement price on Friday the last tick
is the close so we want to annotate that
so it's 19604 young man in the comment
section ask me why
I opening Gap isn't lower and then here
is the opening price Sunday at 6 p.m.
and that's the opening Gap there is no
consequent encroachment being annotated
there because it just fell short of 20
handles and you're welcome to do that if
you want you simply just take the
F drop it on the low and the high and
there's your consequent approachment you
just simply
[Music]
this drop on there like
that and take to whatever color you
want
call date new week opening Gap High
August I'm sorry not high but new week
opening Gap August 18 2024 and then C
period e
perioda but I don't need that but you're
welcome to have that on the chart that's
nothing wrong with it
and uh again that's what this little
thing is here for sign on late I'm not
hiding indicators I'm hiding the
watermarks so again these are not me
cosigner saying they're good that I love
them this is not big enough for me
say I wear an extra
L petite like that doesn't work for me
okay so we are seeing the responses off
of that we go the Gap here TR down to
the low yeah have really nice relative
equal highs in place now going into the
opening 10 seconds 12 seconds in post
opening bell we've attacked the relative
equal lows here and I'll go over this
trade that I did this morning to show
the students that are a little bit more
advanced how they'll use the entry
models that I'm going to be
teaching using Caleb's
model all right so let's take a quick
look at the regular trading hours never
be in a
rush don't feel like you're missing
anything and take this off for a
sec so we have this price here that is
your opening range Gap High we are now
trading and
formulating the opening range okay so
the Gap is the difference between where
we settled at regular trading session
hours and where we opened so that is
this this is your opening range
[Music]
Gap right so that's your range Gap came
back up almost three quarters of the way
if not actually three
quarters just fell short of that there
see anything
so I'm measuring the opening price to
where we closed previous session on
regular trading hours we have relative
equal highs and we didn't quite
completely close that in it's the first
few minutes of
trading so I'm watching to see if we
have any interest in doing
that holding no hard bias right
now we have a little bit of sell side
resting below these relatively cool lows
here I'll dig in see that swing it's a
swing low so don't look at this area
here as you
know there's no there's no low there to
to Mark with this one it is this one and
this one so you use the lowest one
you're got to take
[Music]
that and don't want it
red okay so we just came back up hit the
new week opening Gap low here
and you can see the response off the
lower quadrant on the opening range gap
which is shaded here in
pink just bang the bottom of the opening
range Gap low
again and the buy side is
here cell side is down
here if it want to overshoot the how far
can below here you can touch the new day
opening gap on August 16th so that's the
benefit of having these levels on a
notepad or on your charts Vis
visually this is a little too busy for
me I'm GNA take that off because it's
distracting to me but if it helps
you by all means to keep it on your
[Music]
chart these are the lows where sell side
is so I'll annotate
that you should be doing this on your
chart not worrying about where I think
it's going to go next so you can try to
trade you're doing that while you're
watching my live streams you're not
learning you're copycatting and you're
copycatting with limited understanding
you have no idea what I'm talking about
why I'm even referring to it so that
means you're going to be in high
anxiety state of mind hoping that
something magical happens because you
followed your impuls of nature instead
of wanting to learn how to do this stuff
for real without looking at my videos
ever
again all right so that's
the that's your range for liquidity on
both extremes you have buy side and cell
side so far we have respected the
opening range failed to get at the 3/4
or upper quadrant
level consequent correction of
it and do we want to sweep down to
engage this liquidity here here and
retap into that new day opening gap on
the 16th and then should it do that I
would expect it to try to make some kind
of an attempt technically not to run R
straight from there but to give some
kind of technical indication that it may
want to be interesting going up here so
that means I'm kind of forecasting some
idea technically that would potentially
form say uh a very small short-term
breaker um a shift in Market structure
some kind of a fair value Gap that you
come back in tap into and if it gives
that type
of intel if it gives it a kind of
technical formation after trading down
in here then I'd be interested to see
does it start building all of those same
things that we look for and all the
price run from here all the way up using
every ref reference point there carried
over here do it use it like a footing to
climb higher to make an attempt to get
up in here I'm not calling that as a
bias that's something I'm interested in
to see if it'll do it that's not me
saying I'm only waiting to do that
because right now I'm waiting to see
does it want to trade down here now when
I say things like that um I see I see
comments in my own videos in my live
stream doesn't have ability to to leave
a comment but usually they'll go to
the most recent post on the community
tab or the most recent video where
comments can be left and they'll say you
know he doesn't know what he referring
to me he doesn't know where it's going
he doesn't have a trade you know
something that effect and you're you
really don't know what I'm doing because
you don't listen just like the
individuals that are telling me this
trade shouldn't have been taken because
you're supposed to be waiting for
relative equal highs and relative equal
lows and again you don't know what I'm
addressing you have no no idea what I'm
talking about and why I'm talking about
and the audience members so here's the
reach below the sell side
liquidity so what you want to do is for
that you want to screenshot it and go
into your 15c and 30 second chart inside
of the opening range Gap we do that um
how far can it trade below the sells
side liquidity uh initially it can touch
the new day opening Gap here as we just
saw here you want to screenshot that on
your chart not my not my live stream
don't do that because if you do that
you're you're not you're not doing what
you're supposed to be doing supposed to
be doing this with your own
charts so a price run
from the new week opening G low or say
the lower quadrant or the consequent
encroachment that would be a nice run to
go back and do a back study on taking
screenshots of it looking for reasons
why it would be a pass like I wouldn't
take that trade even though it delivered
or this is what my entry model looks
like like because in the beginning
you're going to have to try to capture
and collect a lot of this type of
information to kind of like to promote
the idea of inspiration and keep you
motivated because you're not watching a
demo ticker go up and down with profit
and loss so it makes it very uh boring
and that's okay boring is good while
you're
learning because eventually if you do
everything right this stuff can make you
profit and that profit is only
determined and limited by what you have
put into it so I want show
you inside of this opening range
Gap what makes it the opening range Gap
we have
930 here that's the opening price that's
what's being anchored to and the high is
where we stop trading regular trading
hours so real quick let me pop it up
here that's this on Friday so regular
session trading settlement is 4:15 p.m.
eastern time even though electronic
trading continues until 5:00 p.m then it
stops and then because it's Friday it
doesn't resume until 6: PM Sunday
eastern
time on any any other day but Friday
Andor a holiday we have that 5:00 pm
stop and then it resumes one hour later
at 6 PM so it's very important you
understand what these levels and what
I'm referring to this is the opening
range Gap the difference between where
we settle at 4:15 p.m. eastern time and
where we start
trading regular trading
hours not electronic regular trading
hours that means we start trading at
9:30 opening bell eent time just starts
ticking we round it
up now we overshot the uh new day
opening Gap so we want to see does it
want to make an attempt to get in here
find some footing inside of these Wicks
why because there's consequent coent in
that and then maybe Wick out of that
come back down and tap the new day
opening Gap high again and start making
some structure to maybe return back into
the new weak opening Gap low and get
back in potentially into this opening
range Gap I'm not calling that I'm
looking for reasons
to hunt a setup should that form I've
already outline where it was going to
reach to you're looking for reasons to
justify why the market may do a certain
run here or there what's nice is or what
is nice rather is that we've already had
the sell off down into the liquidity
we're looking for and we have these
relative equal highs they just sitting
there now who's made money so far this
morning
shorts so the initial opening range is
30 minutes long it's not 15 minutes I
don't care who's telling you that okay
there is no 15minute opening
range that is something that is just a
gimmick for to to look different to
stand apart I promise you I promise you
it's the first 30 minutes that means
9:30 to 10 so you're best served by not
taking any entries in that first 30
minutes when your experience level is
nil zero when you don't know what you're
looking for when you don't know how to
trade you don't know how to repr price
action to sit still for the first 30
minutes number one it teaches you
discipline it teaches you patience and
you're also going to filter out a lot of
the the fake price setups that you're
probably going to be impulsively chasing
oh I got to chase it it's doing this
it's doing that he's wrong he's live
streaming he said his bias is
here these are all the comments that I
see in other people's YouTube channels
leaving comments about me or they'll
leave it in my comment section and you
don't know what you're talking about
what I'm teaching
is how my son Caleb who isn't good at
reading price yet he's not good at it
I don't know what part of this didn't
you understand so to give him a
framework to start with what should he
start doing what exercises should he and
anyone else that wants to do the same
thing he's willing to go through how do
you start how do you start ICT stuff
what videos should I watch what should I
you start
here I'm literally talking to someone
that's brand spanking new well he's not
Grand spanking new but in terms of being
able to go through it with a structured
approach not just simply me telling my
sons to hey go to my YouTube channel and
go through the mentorship
videos it's it's it's a lot and it's int
it's very intimidating so what I do and
how I taught people in the 90s was I
would sit down with them and say okay
here's what we're doing we're watching
price
action and I would point out things like
this and tell you look at this note this
watch this and see does these things
have a interesting and in your
observation do you see something there
that is obvious that would draw your
attention to it see how fast we came
right back up in the opening range Gap
why's wrong so many other Jokers out
there doing goldbach and supply and
demand they're down here you they're
trying to sell then he's wrong he's
wrong he ain't GNA go back up there and
we're in here now but they're never
going to show you that
trade they're never going to do that so
we're inside of the opening range Gap so
now what we've done is we've gone just
above this High here so we've now
delivered buy side a little bit more buy
side still is uh inefficient until we
touch the high of
that now it can touch the new week
opening Gap low and Wick just outside of
it because we have a little bit of
inefficiency see that candle's high
right there and where we are here so it
can go back down into this portion the
wick can go below this new week opening
Gap and still Main M the structure
that's conducive for it to go back up
here and challenge that b side liquidity
that everybody feels safe right now
would you feel safe if your stop was
there and you're short imagine that say
you're short and you have a stop loss
right
here if your stop on a short position
sitting right there and you didn't want
to Trail it okay because you didn't want
to lock in anything and you gave up all
of this if you give up
60% of an open profit of a trade that's
unrealized in other words you haven't
closed the trade yet because you're
trying to hold for a long Type move or
whatever 60% of of retracement on a
trade and you didn't take any partials
to me is something I would not be
comfortable with because especially when
you're first learning how to trade or
trying to find a model or develop a
model or develop some kind of a skill
set to lean on as this is what I'm
trying to do and I'm going to work with
this until it proves that it's
ineffective and or I find something
better in the process of using it
because that's that's what my hope is
with my son Caleb by forcing him to use
the the entry mechanism of the fair
value Gap within the context of
orderflow not the [__] that's level
two and depth of market and volume
profile volume profile is a bunch of
[__] too I'm not as well just to
that out there I know I'm going to break
some hearts I don't give a [__] okay
because the little boys that are on
other YouTube channels leave your
comment in mind leave your comment on M
and I'll let it be seen and I'll
challenge you openly to bring your
Mickey Mouse [__] on live I'll stream
right next to you and I'll have a chart
or a screen with your [__] live and
I'll show you that you don't know [__]
you don't know anything but you won't do
that that's
okay but by looking at the fair value
Gap as an entry mechanism initially it
may help him see like the order block it
may may help him see a breaker it may
show a inversion fair value Gap that
that might be his model
but because he has the fear of it's too
much information Dad it's overload I
don't know what to do and he's my son
and it's something that most people do
when they come to my childan they're
like man where do I start with all this
stuff because you don't want to waste
time well there's no such thing as
wasting time because if you just
start and start getting your hands in
price action start looking at what price
is doing and how these things are
annotated in price and how I call your
attention to
it you will by default build a baseline
understanding and then that way you'll
be able to grow from there regardless of
what you start with if it's order block
if it's optimal trade entry if it's you
know whatever yeah the list is long
right but whatever it is you as long as
you
start that that gives you the Baseline
to to build on but if you spend so much
time or just say I don't know how to
start with this guy these two main
things or I've read some negative stuff
about him okay
you're the person I don't want to talk
to because you didn't even bother to
look and see if this stuff that's for
free has any Merit for
you so we came all the way back down
into this area here with this Wick in
closing
price this area here should not close in
now because we've already went back into
the opening range
Gap I'd like to see a close above the
consequent cach of that and then next
candle come down fail to touch
consequent enement and then springboard
into upper quadrant of the new week
opening G uh high and that mid level
between halfway in here which will be
upper quadrant and build some momentum
to try to get into that
buite and then once it should it do that
we'll drop down into the 15c chart and
we'll look at where we have traded from
here all of the turn in here and all the
business here and I'll show you the uh
the way you would go back through and
also how to use the information I was
showing as a actual live execution with
uh the NQ
earlier damn you had to tell me my
profile profile buch of [__] it
is you're looking at gimmicks you're not
looking at price but you say you're
looking at price you're saying you're
looking at order FL no you're not
looking
another no idea what you're doing but it
sounds technical it looks cool with all
that horizontal vertical volume nodes
and all little highest high and the
lowest low volume it sounds real
Technical and none of that [__] matters
it literally has nothing to do with
it all right so we able to get to the
high of the opening range Gap one more
time tapping in here
look back where we are in this no actual
fair value got that small little
separation right
there see that that's the only thing
that my eye jumps to and that's about
midpoint of that uh down close candle so
in my mind and can it touch that again
it could I'd rather it didn't it needs
to get up into and use this little area
in
here as a footing if not run right on
them and take the bide out and break the
hearts of those that are
short because they're trying to fade
me show me that
video show me that
one I have so many people counseling me
in in the comment section too you spend
so much time on the people that hate you
and you don't spend that much time on
the people that love you and support you
I'm spending more time for the people
that love and support me by actually
doing the content that that goes without
saying I'm just having fun with the
people that think that I'm getting a
broken heart over anything they say
because it's nonsense but it is
humorous a lot you should be thankful
because a lot of that stuff Spurs my
interest I'm like I like coming out here
and rubbing their nose in
it all right so see the volume and
balance right
here now with what we already have in
price so we came down here whipped below
uh the new day opening Gap from August
16th came back climbed all the way back
up into the opening range gap which is
shaded in pink
and found its way to the high end of it
we're inside of this little business
here this to me is a little
porous because we had these two candles
in here even though the opening of this
candle and this close of this candle are
essentially the same this sputtering
this like little bit of pause without
any bodies forming kind of like in my
mind
thinks it has to deliver a couple times
in that in that area again and you can
see we had it here we had a buy side
here we open traded back down and we
open trade one one more time up so we're
getting that return back into the
opening range so that's what I'm saying
we have we have to get through this area
here
I gotta get a cup every time I get every
time I open my water get a drink the
clicking and the all that sand that
would that would get on my nerves if I
was listening to someone else so I'm
trying to make myself mindful
that I always say it I just don't do it
this is I grab a water and head to my
location answer where I'm gonna stream
to um for your notes also just know that
the Jackson Hole Symposium uh whenever
that occurs in price action you're going
to get a lot of overlapping price
delivery that means a lot of back and
forth it's going to re it's going to
redeliver over ranges that would
otherwise in any other
given climate it wouldn't generally do
that so frequently and so often but
that's just the characteristic for this
event that takes place and what is the
Jackson hle Symposium it's a bunch of
jokers that come together okay and they
uh they look at Trends they look at uh
things around the world and it's it's a
matter of uh
people that I don't want to fraize with
and I would never fraize with and
they're like the they they think of
themselves as the the the elites or
whatever and
they look at how they can push things
around I guess put it that way now you
might not hear it described that way but
that's really what it
is but because of that there's people
that are always sitting outside waiting
for someone to the drag to the side and
say Hey you know can you tell us what's
going on like what's the um what's the
hot buttons this time uh what are we
listening for what are the uh the
directions and in all this this time and
sometimes they're very closed lifts um
sometimes other people like tossing out
hints and newswires or people that are
pumping that kind of information out
they will do that with the expectation
and hopes that it will spur on Market
sentiment or disrupt Market sentiment
again I could care less price is either
going to tell me or I'm not doing
anything with it and that's makes it a
whole lot easier it doesn't complicate
things because soon as you start asking
for what do you think's happening what
do you thinks who gives a [__] what
they're thinking the Market's going to
do what the Market's going to do and you
have to be there to react on it or stand
aside so we're spending a little bit
more times more time in the opening
range than I would have
liked so if it's going to run for that
buy side it would need to gy up and go
and not do a close
below the midpoint of that Wick right
here can it come down tap that and come
all the way back up and run over top
sure can but I would I wouldn't
personally want to be interested in
seeing anything on the close below the
midpoint of
that I'd like to see this stay open if
it comes down a hits it and rejects
that's another
entirely
supporting thing that would be in the
delivery but still I wouldn't want to
see that no words say I was in a trade I
would not want to see it come back down
in
here I'd like to see it support Wick
here with no close
below excuse
me okay you're in that wi I'm sorry
you're in that fair G below the wick
at the end of the week when you get to
Friday when it's no longer trading and
or the weekend go back and look at your
one minute charts and you'll see a lot
of overlapping price delivery back and
forth back and forth that's usually what
you get on the week that Jacks and hole
Symposium unfolds it's it's just one of
those things I don't know why it does it
so don't ask me okay cuz it's not like
I'm hiding it from you
I just noted that that's something over
the years that I tend to notice so how
how could you use that
information you need to be if you're
going to be trading at all during the
week of Jackson Hole especially during
the days like day one day two day three
of this week you want to be thinking
about where your first line of partials
are going to be and don't think well I'm
going to outsmart the market and while
that would be a wonderful place to take
a partial I'm going to be a little bit
more greedy I need to hold for a larger
trade I need to impress somebody else
and that's something you shouldn't be
trying to do you want to find a level
that's easy low threshold and then get
out and take some part partial profits
because if not what'll happen this is
you'll be in some really nice trades and
you'll be riding a a run from a low or
to a high down to a inefficiency or
something to affect of the discount and
it'll feel wonderful while you're in it
and it could be delivering rather
quickly but then it'll completely
overlap all that run again and if you
cha your stop you'll get knocked out
with nothing or you'll get stopped out
because you're trying to hold on to
something that isn't going to deliver in
one way delivery like one sided this
it's going to be back and forth and it's
going to completely overlap a price run
that you wouldn't generally expect it to
do uh there is no other time of the year
or any kind of other event that I've
noticed that it has that characteristic
it's just something
that I never seen anybody else refer to
it or whatever but it'll it'll be
something everybody talks about now but
I want you to look at it this weekend go
back over your charts and you'll see
there's a whole lot of over lapping of
what price is done before it goes to
significant targets or objectives
yeah I wish this thing to the fow that
uh made this one I'm not sure sure which
one it is if it's this yes that one so
AG gfx I'm assuming that's the person
or the account for trading view or P
thir I don't know I guess that's what
they call themselves um if you can make
this
bigger because the large is I have it
set to huge and it doesn't it doesn't do
it enough for me unless I'm doing
something incorrect with it so if I'm
doing incorrectly um
send me a video with a short little uh
private video uploaded to YouTube If you
send me something that's a MP3 or I'm
sorry
MP4 and uh I'm never going to open that
up because you might be sending me a
virus I'm not trying to do all that
business but if you send me a YouTube
link to a private video I I'll watch
that don't make it a long one please I
don't have time to be watching all that
stuff but if if you can make it larger
and I mean like from like from here to
here so about that broad that's what I
want on my chart if you go back and look
at my other videos or actually type out
the watermark itself as an overlay I I
put that Watermark as an overlay on the
Camtasia recording so it's technically
not there when I'm recording and then I
overlay it and reduce the opaqueness and
that size is what I'm looking for I
haven't looked at every single one of
the trading view indicators that do a
watermark so just know that these are
the only two I've messed around with not
that anyone recommend either one of them
it's just this is what I've used for
right
now I wish I didn't have to even bother
doing it but people with less class and
Bottom Feeders they like to take
people's content especially in M if I'm
executing if I'm highlighting something
and they can put it on their social
media account that's pretending to be me
and it makes it look like it's really me
it's really not
it just take something I've already
produced so see how we're back and forth
everything's overlapping the previous
short-term
run and if you're expecting new that
real nice one directional price
runs during the week of Jackson Hole is
going to frustrate you because this is
what I've ENC
now is it every single week that it does
that when it's Jackson Hole no but
predominantly I I have learned that
trades will come back on me
deeper and run right back over top of
the short-term price legs and if any
other instances of me where I will roll
the Stop and cover costs cover
commissions cover you know
whatever they generally will come back
and hit that stop loss
because of this is the the climate that
it
creates so if you're going to trade you
want to be looking for if you're in a
long soon as it trades into a premium
inefficiency that means a sell side of
balance buy side efficiency or a
short-term high if it clears a
short-term High you better take
something off and if you don't you're
literally asking for the market to to
take every opportunity for you to find
profit away only during this given week
though there's no other there's no other
climate there's no other thing that goes
on in the economic calendar that I have
that same observation with so it's just
a matter of everything
redelivers back and forth and it
generally does it the week of Jackson
Hole so when can you expect Seek and
Destroy Jackson
Hole but it can be done in a manner
where you don't see it
coming you don't really think it's there
until it's actually stopped you out
several times and the worst thing you
can do is over trade on this week so
know what you're looking for what's the
easiest low hanging fruit objective say
for instance you you felt strongly that
uh you this this turn down here would
something to be noteworthy and we
thought that the opening range Gap could
be a nice draw when when we ran up into
it here and created that short-term high
and didn't completely close into the top
of it when it trades back down soon as
it crossed it right there that would
have been a partial I was pulling your
attention here it needed to get through
that it went right up in that area
stagnated and then rolled down 3/4 of
the opening range Gap lower quadrant of
the opening range Gap and failure to get
to the new week opening Gap low or touch
the opening range Gap and displacement
to the downside so watch this Wick in
here this is the lowest
[Music]
one again these are my fif settings so
we can see it
[Music]
so far we've cleared the rejection block
which is the lowest down close candle in
the swing here me swep that
there do you feel safe if you were short
up here if you shorted in here with your
stop loss right
there would you feel safe
what if you didn't sh sell short there
but then you sold
short here would you feel safe with your
stop loss right here
I probably shouldn't shuffle cards
you're going to hear that and think
what's he
doing leave a comment even though nobody
else sees them on my most recent
Community post leave a uh comment and
tell me do you fidget while you're
watching price action Andor Trading and
if not what are your hands doing and
don't be
obscene I touched myself ICD some of you
going to use that opportunity of course
I'm touching myself I watch Deadpool too
right that that's not what I'm inviting
you to to
do you guys are
creepy note that volume IM balance right
there
[Applause]
[Music]
see where the bodies are closed
at right inside that volume of bounds
that's the stuff I like to look
for the Wicks are allowed to do the
damage and that's the part when candles
are are open and they're still forming
they haven't settled and closed and
started a new
candle that's the stuff in a book that
can't be like you can't get that
information
shared with you watching ing oh not
watching but reading a book with static
charts even if I did a multiple series
of of updating of like think about how
long the book would be if I was showing
you a Candlestick and screenshotting
every fluctuation while the Candlestick
was still active what it would look like
and how it's morphing like that that I
just don't know how I don't know how to
communicate that outside of actually
watching price action with you and
observing and pointing and saying look
what it's do doing here and or look how
it just did that when we were watching
this candle we were watching reach for
this we were watching reach for that
that's that's an organic study that you
can't replicate that and even Market
replay doesn't doesn't do it it does not
do it so you have to have someone that's
sitting with you live pointing out
certain things in price action that are
Salient to why things should or
shouldn't behave
but you have to watch it and also relax
and know that the Wicks are going to
reach outside of the levels that you
want to see them stay within and that's
one of the things you're going to have
to get comfortable with Caleb because
when you're looking at Price you the
first time I I showed him a fair value
got he thought that you know by me
describing it should go right in there
don't go outside the lines of the low
and the high of it just go right into
the middle of it completely overlap it
perfectly and then move to the higher
low that we were you aiming for as a
draw and then soon as it would go
outside the line of the low if we're
trying to use it for a long and as soon
as it would color outside the the lowest
boundary of it and the the body of the
candle is still active because it hasn't
closed yet but it's just outside of it
and he's like okay well that shouldn't
we get out of this right now or is this
not going to go up because look what it
went outside no that's the part you have
to submit to like you have to watch
these things and when you see that it's
just forming the wick that's all it's
doing and before it can become a wick it
has to be a boldfaced candle at the
level that makes the low of the wick or
the high of the wick so you can't
appreciate that unless you sit here and
watch very low time frame charts because
you get lots of examples of it look at
reaction off that volume bounce I to
look how the bodies closed right at it
see that you're going to find that W off
the [__] you are it's not in there it's
not in there so here at the opening
range Gap high again so now we don't
want to see the midpoint of that so
let's highlight that we don't want to
see that
breached because we've been here
multiple times now no close below it can
touch it it's better if we don't go down
and touch it at all and we touch it now
it needs to be responsive we don't want
to see it come back down below the new
week opening Gap low which is this level
here on a closing basis we don't want
that all of
this while the candle's open completely
normal nothing to be worried about
nothing to be concerned about it's
exactly what you need to see if a Wick's
going to form you got to give the
Candlestick the opportunity to go down
there or go up there to form the wick if
you try to be perfect and say that it
can't do this and can't do that it's
going to Humble you fast fast and it's
going to make you frustrated it's going
to make you feel like you're never going
to be able to trust anything reading
price action see what this
did there's the wick formation we opened
touched one more time the consequent
encroachment of that opening range
Gap delivery here's now it needs to
speed up right above here and the for
the folks that had their stop loss here
their hearts are broken we're going to
fade ICT I'm recording I can't wait to
show it this is what I did against ICT
well you're not doing that today are you
here
is the buy stops that are resting Bel
the relative equal
highs and as I'm pointing out things
okay what you should be doing as a
viewer and what Caleb should be doing is
when I mention something okay for
instance when I talked about how we
could go down here and go into the new
new day opening gap on August 16th
it can trade down that you can trade
down into that below these lows over
here how far can it
go well if it's going below here how far
can it go into that new day opening Gap
that's old it's an old one it's stale
right no nothing get stale around here
but then you have this swing low here so
we have cell side that can tap into an
old new day opening Gap but what did I
teach you last
week what did I teach you about that
that we can see them trade through them
and then you want to see how they behave
once it does it we're not always
expecting a stop and turn no further run
through nothing that's uh demanding
Precision like that entries you can
frame entries with Precision elements
but we're looking for a bias we're
looking for some kind of like a
sentiment to shift in the marketplace
but we have to allow the market to
deliver
to these inefficiencies again and if
it's going to go through them which is a
normal characteristic especially if
we're anticipating a early session start
to determining a
bias well we wait for it to trade
through it and if it's going to go
through that what's what's to the left
of
this relative equal lows and their sell
sign so at that price level right there
we have
[Music]
562 Market drops always down clearing
out all way to
5445 so it's allowing for any liquidity
that would have been trailed from that
low they cleared that out took it all
the way back up to opening range Gap
failed in that little area I told you we
need to get through broke lower broke
lower swept one more time rejection
block didn't get the consequent
encroachment of that Wick notice that we
didn't get the consequent encroachment
of the Lesser Wick
either see that oops every single time I
do this it jumps every
time it goes to uh just short of the uh
where is that right at the
quadrant let me see what is that yeah
it's got it hit it perfectly to the tick
so the quadrant on the initial Wick hits
it perfectly to the tick I'm watching
the low so if you look up here that that
price right here that's what I'm looking
at Great on that candle the low
is 560 and a qu and the upper quadrant
level is 560 and a qu for this Wick see
that that's just probably random but the
point is is we didn't get to what level
it's midpoint on either this Wick or
that one it stopped went right to the
rejection block which is why I was
mentioning said we just cleared the
rejection block watch that Wick so your
observation and your takeaway for this
is you want to annotate how this low
stopped directly at that Wicks quadrant
upper quadrant and did not touch its
midpoint see that and then how fast did
it
run where did it go to where are the
bodies right
now we cleared this short-term high
right there but we're working inside the
opening range Gap the difference between
Friday's settlement price at 4:15 p.m
and since there's no technical opening
price at 4:15 it's the settlement at 414
and it just doesn't give you another
Candlestick when it's regular trading
hours meaning
[Music]
this see the time at the bottom of the
chart 4:15 p.m. Friday August 16th and
then the next
candles uh formation is on Monday at
9:30 a.m. and then we Trad it up so
we've completely overlapped all this and
we're banging up against the high of the
opening range gap which is the
settlement on regular trading hours
Friday see that you're spending a lot of
time in here I would not bet against
that clearing a higher high I I I just
wouldn't bet against
it and then we have uh electronic
trading hours and a chart looks
completely
different and it's very confusing for
someone but that's the reason why you
have to you have to know what you're
looking at in relationship to time
visually showing price action
around regular trading hours and
electronic trading
hours you have to get used to seeing
that and
also while you're watching price action
if you're trading like in the afternoon
or if you're trading in
uh L latter portions of the morning
session and you're on Lower time frames
if you're toggling back and forth
between electronic trading hours this is
what I'm showing you here now in regular
trading
hours I've done this in the past where
I've referenced something and because I
referenced it on either electronic
trading or regular trading hours I
mistakenly put more emphasis on
something that should not have had the
emphasis placed on it and I discovered
oh there you go I made a mistake by
having either regular trading hours on
or electronic trading hours on and I
messed I messed up either the trade or
missed the trade entirely so that's the
aspect of human fry that's going to come
into your trading as well just be
mindful while you're toggling back and
forth I always tell myself as a result
of those instances I tell myself out
loud as I'm doing even when I'm not live
streaming or recording something I'll
say okay I'm back in electronic trading
hours and then I say it again and I
double check by seeing it says eth
because otherwise it'll mess me all
up so remember I was talking about the
Jackson whole Symposium and the the
characteristic of that week what does
price do it overlaps back and forth the
previous run
9:30 we drop down overlap that entire
run here okay we drop down here overlap
the entire run right above this high and
now what are we doing we're overlapping
all this price run here you see how fast
this can frustrate
you very very frustrating and it's
explained to you in advance real time
over live price action why do you talk
so much ICT because I want my children
who are always the that's the that's the
audience of my videos every single
presentation I've ever recorded they're
always for my children so because I care
about them and I want them to know
everything I give them all of the bits
and pieces and all those bits and pieces
that get [__] upon and cast it aside by
[__] that don't know what the [__]
they're doing and never will make money
you're a clown to me you don't change
anything you don't do anything I'm going
to still deliver the way I'm going to
deliver I'm making these for them and
what are we doing we're red delivering
all of this run from here to here we
overlapping it now watch the wick this
one here we just touched it there and
the larger
one right
there and this
one I'm just going to eyeball it right
there we'll call that low just below
that low the consequent approach of that
Wick so it can Spike up with a wick
touch that one it'd be great if it
didn't touch the new opening Gap low and
then rolled lower that'd be good you can
see a sustainable price R
then so many subtle nuances the trading
you thought it was just buy when it's
over sold sell when it's over B where's
the
Divergence knowing how you're going to
get burned knowing how the market will
we took our L out here how the market
will behave what characteristics
remember um my lectures around
fomc okay like we have fomc minutes um
this
week that's not the same thing as a rate
anal
it's just the minutes so it's not as
impactful as when you do a rate
announcement and a policy statement at 2
o'clock there's an initial
run and then at 2:30 it usually not
always usually it's going against
whatever you saw going into the 2 o'cl
run so it's two stages so it's a
two-stage delivery so going into two
o'clock and then 2 o'clock to 2:30
whatever you see there directionally
generally you have about 70% likelihood
that it's going to do the opposite
direction and it's going to be extremely
much more exaggerated going the other
direction so it'll it'll re reverse and
do the opposite direction and go the
biggest move of the day will be opposed
to what you saw going into 2 o'cl as it
traded to 2:30 and then when they do the
conference portion of
the Pal's like me he must be watching my
[__] live streams and videos because
he likes to talk and he he's the longest
winded fed chairman that we've ever had
that I can't remember and I prefer
bernacki but everybody since baki's got
they get on my skin I don't like him I
didn't like yelling and I don't like pal
but pal you he's Cut From the Same Cloth
he likes to talk and talk and talk and
talk but uh if I think if he was a
little bit less talkative at the 230
session we'd have really better f1c
trades because sometimes he just likes
to drag it out and and the more he talks
the more they have to wait to to do
their intervention sometimes you can
just see they get they fed up with it
they say okay let's just start running
it while he's
talking and it usually is them talking
at the conference the 230 portion of the
FMC um
announcement usually the 230 they'll say
something or open the beginning of the
discussion with and that gives you all
that you need for them to do whatever
intervention they're going to do which
really again 7% is just do the opposite
of what just took place and hold on to
it hold on to it till around 15 minutes
after 3 and just if you look and study
that don't take my word for it look and
study and see that that that's usually
that's the winner that's the thing but
everybody likes to hold on to the close
of the day and you want to be getting
out early on so about 15 minutes after
three why because that starts your last
hour macro one of four macros that are
in the 3:00 the 4:00 time window time
window that's the only time of day that
there's multiple macros in the same hour
there are no 20 minutes to 40 minutes or
uh 30 minutes to 40 minutes that's all
[__] anybody that's saying that
they're just trying to sell you a
gimmick I promise you that is not a
thing it's not a
thing all right so now we've taken sell
side out below
here watch new open gap on the 16th this
is the last attempt if it if it breaks
this low here I'm going to move to the
sidelines and that would be enough for
today uh but I want to see it now start
to find some
footing go back and use this Wick
[Music]
here why are you doing this now like why
are you looking at that Wick why is it
something that you're making a reference
to why is this [__] FIB not moving
how's that for a question all right so
that
is it there so I'm watching this this
level right there if we open on another
candle come back down and touch it or
fail to touch it and Rally or just run
straight from here either one it's good
but I'm watching this as like a like an
indication of
strength because this level is a a
discount array right now where's price
up here below it we have what we have
this little bit of a gap we have the new
day opening Gap High consequent
encroachment new
happen easy for me to say C so the new
day opening Gap low and then below that
we have this balanced price range of
this Wick and that Wick but in the
middle of that we have
this midpoint of that Wick there so my
ey is jumping to that so it needs to now
because it's taken off like it has I
don't want to see it come back down to
this level now at all so let's use this
information say you would have taken
this as a long I'm not saying you should
have I'm not saying that Caleb should
have but I would use this level here as
a it any any stop would have to be below
that and it would have to be below this
low here because this Wick up and this
Wick down it's travel B back and forth
in here so that portion right below that
that would be a place for a stop loss
using the ideas of trailing stop losses
stop placement that type of thing I
would not be long but if I were this is
the type of thing you guys are asking me
all the time how how do you arrive at
where you're placing your stop loss it's
a lot these things as I'm watching price
and if I see these things start to form
and I'm in a move that's going up or if
I'm in a move that's going lower and I
see the opposite side and that's start
seeing these like these
barriers where price has done multiple
passes through after it's done something
okay what is the something that was done
low lower low so that's relative equal
lows big liquidity resting below that we
Dove down below it so it's been made
Jagged down here so where is it smooth
[Music]
here and
here okay so now we have a fair value
Gap
there so this could be viewed as
Breakaway this could be a common gap
which can fill in it can come down and
give it institutional order for entry
drill which is just below this Wick then
leave a portion of it
open it can completely laap that and
close that in that's fine I'm going to
take this line off because if you
remember that's the old relative equal
lows over here see that I'm going to
take that off cuz it's distracting me
and it's another reason why like I said
I don't like to have too many things on
my
[Music]
chart there's the the wick we went one
tick below look at the low of that
candle you're looking at this price
right
here that candle's low is
58050 the next candle's low 580 even so
it went down two ticks just below it now
we're into it again that W I'm sorry
that fair value got is what I'm
referring
to ideally if it really wants to take
these areas up here it'd be wonderful to
see it leave a portion of this open it
can close it but every fair value Gap
that we're looking for as a means of
supporting or providing a market
propellent to send prices higher
supporting it basically in order FL
we want to see it stay open some degree
of the inefficiency stay open because as
long as it starts to do that and it
starts gaining ground and moving higher
that's supportive to your trade so how
do you hold on to trades and have
confidence how do you hold on to trades
and not get scared out well it starts
with these types of things and you still
will get stopped out of Trades it's not
it's not a BL IND it's not a it's not a
Panacea it's not an answer to everything
it's not it's not a Magic Bullet that
fixes all problems for you it just means
that this is what I grow confident in
while I'm holding trades you see me
execute record and the things I call out
when it's when it was on Twitter space
i' say okay it's going to run to this or
run to that and I wouldn't change my
mind we would stay with that narrative
until it delivered to it and then say
there you go it must be random again
right well the ideas of how price is
going to use these inefficiencies as a
as a building
block and then are we seeing them fail
and seeing them fail is a good thing but
see now can you hear the the Jack legs
that would come in to hear me say that
we want to see it fail and that's a good
thing saying that see he wants his stuff
to fail no you want to see a fair value
Gap not completely fill in what did it
do
here before I went over and showed you
the old uh City I told you that we want
to see the candle here drop down just
below that it did it two times and then
deliver the run here that's more than
your live streaming guys
do they they get out you know because
they're panicking they have no idea
they'll call a move it could go up here
remember I said it at the beginning of
the stream well if you're G to say it
why a't you holding for it why do you
keep resetting your
accounts why why aren't you doing why
aren't you doing it because you can't do
it I stay
focused I'm focused focused on making
you a winner
[Music]
plus I got to speak when I have
something because if I carry
it I'm unsatisfied later in the day when
I felt like I should have unloaded on
it there you go so there's the Gap
that's where I told you the
institutional order entry drill would
form based on that candle we want to see
it stay open what does that mean well it
went down as far as that low did that
low touch this candle's high right there
no it didn't so what did it do it went
down one more time and then rallied but
what did it create this down closed
candle which means absolutely nothing
right means nothing speed nilson knows
nothing about this
nothing this right here is an order
block the high of that candle right
there
is 19591 A5 you're going to look up here
by the
way the high of that candle is
19591 A5 the next
candle we trade above it and then we
have the low of that
candle right
here 59.75 did we get the touch of that
doesn't look like we
did one tick away one tick away so if I
would have had a partial not a partial
if I would have a pyramid entry trying
to get in on that adding more to it
there I would not have gotten a fill on
that but we gave you the institutional
ORF entry drill here and delivered
beautifully so if you're using that as
your entry
model so 580 and a half so 580 and 3/4
or 75 so
1958. 75 that would be
your your threshold that it had the book
to so that means your limit order would
have to be right at 19580 and a
half so if that's the low you need to
breach it does it here by two ticks
you're filled on that one if not you
definitely were filled on this
one and what's your heat what's the draw
down on
that the difference between this
low it's 80 and a half so 580 and A2
and the low on this one
is 78 and a half it just
jumped 78 and half so it's two handles
or eight
ticks so that's the heat you felt 40
bucks per contract on a standard
contract of e mini and then it runs
what's your first threshold let's see if
it can touch what new week opening Gap
low of this week that that was the low
of the new week opening gap or where we
s settled or we opened there I forgot
which one it was the
uh that would be your first threshold
and then can it reach to
halfway you measure that
out there's your half and then you watch
does it have speed to get to the upper
quadrant and if it gets to the upper
quadrant it should Pierce right through
the high of new week opening Gap why
because these traders that have stop
loss order sitting ready those really
smooth
highs they're not going to want to give
them an opportunity to do what get out
of it tada just like that see how it was
like real energetic punching up
[Music]
there get these to main lines off
here look at the bodies right here see
how they're using that old reference
point of the opening range Gap we've
already passed through it see everybody
else that knows oh everybody knows about
gaps ICT you're just Reinventing
[__] no I'm not I'm peeling back the
layers and telling you what you never
paid attention
to proving that no one else is doing it
because they would have it in books and
it's not there but they're they're in
Amazon books now because everybody out
there is writing books about what you're
hearing me tell you live but we passed
and closed in that opening range Gap
here we passed into it here reacted off
of it nice and we went back into it
again here and what did we do we
through the new week opening Gap high
and admitted I'm very surprised I
thought for certain when it first puns
up like that my eyes got uh I was
deceived by what I thought was the real
quick punch through I thought it did
that rally through that but this is
Enough from the uh institutional
orderflow entry drill down here because
we're teaching entries we're teaching
what it looks like what is the logic
behind it why should it do this or that
what is favorable what is unfavorable
this is what it should do if it's good
if it does this this is still good but
it's better if it didn't you see what
I'm doing this is mentoring this is
somebody that knows what the [__]
they're talking about if you can't find
this in your lecture provider your
Mentor your teacher if you're not seeing
that if they can't do that you need to
unload
them you need to get rid of them
immediately because they don't know what
they're doing they're
guessing they're never going to be able
to do it in front of you and everybody
says I will never do these things in
front of people I every time I live
stream I'm giving you the logic as why
the market should behave a certain
way tell me where the institutional
order entry drill is before I taught it
and anything it's not there no one had
that entry mechanism no one ever did
that no one ever did
it got $5 million you can find it I
don't know why you guys are waiting
around some of you spend all this time
justifying why nobody should follow me
and you could be retired if you just
simply come forward and say Here's what
ICT rebranded and this is the logic
here's where the source material is
found this is the book this is the
course this is the author and it's got
to be before
1996 why is it that no one can do
that come on it's $5 million for [__]
sake I would stop I would quit my job if
I felt that sure about it I would quit
my job pour into everything screenshot
this screenshot I would I would spend
money on credit cards buying books to be
able to go through it and PDF file print
everything and make a [__] YouTube
channel saying here's what it is but you
know it's not happening it's not
happening and I have put this bounty out
there and raised it and raised it and
raised it and raised it and nobody's
done it but they'll still leave baseless
comments either in somebody else's
YouTube channel or someone else's social
media post that may be supporting me or
saying that they like what they learned
here and then some little [__] bagger
comes by and says they're not his
Concepts
okay who's are they because I already
went down the list of everything that's
everybody every every everyone said and
proved that it's not the case I I'm the
original I'm the original Maverick at
this I'm the I'm The Real McCoy and that
bothers a lot of you people because
everything's about clout now and you
can't claim you found it because you
heard me say it now you're just a
NECA sorry but I'm sorry so so far we've
had this area here I you watch this area
it needs to get through that
we Wick through it we went through the
new day opening I'm sorry new week
opening
Gap but uh from here to the new week
opening Gap
high right there so we have worked this
level
there let's shade it
yellow could you not do so much rant ICT
and just focus on the teaching
it's disrespectful to your students it's
disrespectful to me when you leave
comments like that and I delete you
because I don't like to be mothered I'm
going to do it regardless of whether you
like it or not so that's what you need
to understand so we've seen it get made
Jagged down
here these highs were buy stops they
Wick through it and I'm admittedly
surprised that they did not take
that I'm not convinced that we're going
lower because they'll be leaving them
intact I don't I don't believe that's
the case what I'm looking at is do we
Wick down below the new day I'm sorry
new week opening Gap trade this Balan
price range and then one more time send
it up into here that's what I would like
to see uh
delivered take this off
here but that right there son is one of
the elements of how you're going to use
the fair V Gap okay I did it live doing
it as a manual
entry but when you're watching it form
like in other words if you're looking at
price and was behaving like
this like that and this candle is meing
around as soon as the next candle opens
up okay soon as next now some of you are
going to watch the video right at this
point or you'll cut it and splice it and
make a little jab video about me okay
but you'll ignore what I said before it
happened because when this candle was
forming we have a little bit of a fair
value G right there while that candle
was active go back and watch the live
stream it'll be
there I expect to see the market come
back down into this little area here but
I don't want to see it close in that's
not me form fitting it cherry-picking it
and just laying it down with uh with
smoking mirrors it's me saying I want to
see it
trade with this Gap partially left open
so if we're going to use an entry model
like the institutional order for entry
drill which is technically what Caleb's
entry mechanism is you can do it
manually like I showed in a recording
earlier in the morning and I put it on
the YouTube channel and then I called it
out loud here and told you where it
would trade to how it would trade
meaning that it would go right below
this candle's Wick by one
tick by one tick I was wrong technically
because it went down two ticks there you
go my [__]
fraud I expected one tick moved two
ticks and left the fair value up so none
of this [__] Works go watch supply and
demand gurus okay go out there and Chase
ell wave and the animal patterns go go
be the the zoo the zoo Trader okay
animal
patterns but the the wick that defines
your entry Caleb so in my interest okay
for you initially is I want you to look
at that Wick low of that candle right
here this one once it creates the fair
value or while it's forming you're
anticipating okay in other words I was
predicting while that candle was still
there that this would form a fair value
Gap I know you probably don't remember
you probably didn't pick up on it when
it happened but rewind to that time in
the in the video which reminded me I'm
not writing down the notes what I'm
talked about certain
things this is a lot harder when you
don't have a script and you're watching
price action that's why I asked some of
you that are uh more inclined to do
those types of things because you're
very very organized about what you're
watching with me and where you can go
back and and listen to the information
information the
uh the time when you hear me talk about
this Gap this candle was forming okay
and you would take that candle's low
assuming when the next candle opens it
didn't make a lower low on that Wick
so that candle here we open up here so
there's time there's time to drop a
limit order in right below that that
low one of the things you can do is you
can set up
limit orders and have them 100 some
handles or so away that all you have to
do is just drag them to a location when
you're expecting a silver bullet to form
because that's what that was right there
by the way it's a 10 o00 fair value Gap
that is easy to understand because now
you've seen what happened there's been a
disruption there's been a shark frenzy
there's been this
evisceration of orders below that low
and that low we we Dove down below it
then the market gets back above we want
to see it touch the new day opening Gap
High minimum or consequent encroachment
or the low but we don't want to see it
Go below the consequent corion of that
wick on a closing basis ideally we don't
want to see it trade to it at all and it
didn't do that right so that gives me
the confidence to say to you while I'm
live streaming do I sound like I'm
scared do I sound like my voice is
shaking do I feel like I'm reaching for
something no this is all 30 years of
stuff that I've known that it's this old
hat to me so it was very easy for me to
say that it's going to go below that
candle's Wick by one tick and I was
technically wrong because it only went
down two
ticks it went down Beyond it more than I
wanted it to or four tick I think it was
wasn't it or two handles rather still
leaving a portion of it
open I was saying ticks earlier it's two
handles so two handles of draw down okay
wonderful it's 40
bucks $40 of draw down
okay 40 bucks of draw down that was
explained to you that this Gap should
stay open why because every [__] Gap
that I'm looking at I wanted to do
that I wanted to do that very thing I
want them to fail to close in I'm not
Chris Lorry I'm not trying to see them
close in I'm not trying to see it
completely closed back in I want to see
these little cracks in orderflow because
this is the real [__] that your little
horizontal volume bars on the right side
of your [__] chart that you're doing
oh well this is the uh this is the
volume profile and I'm looking for this
and this is the you know
um highest volume ndee lowest volume nde
this is the the vwap if it touches the V
[__] the vwap [__] the [__]
horizontal volume
listen that [__] has to
form that [__] has to finally make its
way into the [__] chart before you
can start thinking about it I'm ahead of
all that stuff do you you understand
that I am [__] like I'm from the
future talking back to you okay I'm
talking to you from the [__] future
I'm proving it right
here I'm telling you what it's doing
here before it does it on a live stream
with three second [__] delay I can
pull that off I can I can fraudulently
do that is that what you're telling me
and the witness of all you people here
watching me really you give me far too
much credit for that that's amazing
that's [__]
amazing but your entry model Caleb is
going to be based on this so that way it
completely strips away all of the
necessity and the the the fear of where
do I buy it inside the fair value Gap
you don't you buy it at the high of the
Gap plus one tick that assures you that
you're going to get filled and it's also
doing what it's allowing you to sit in a
little bit of draw down and it's
normal it's normal but what happen if it
goes down and stops me out dad well
that's a stop out son I mean that's
what's going to happen to you you're
going to have a loss it's going to
happen you're never going to evade the
eventual losing streak not single loss
you're going to have a losing
streak and it's going to have
to be met with you trusting what you're
learning is going to work again don't
change anything except for the amount of
risk so in other words you'll drop your
your leverage which for you won't have
to be messed with because you're going
to be doing one
contract you're going to need to trade
with one and a half times the
margin for every new contract that you a
you add to your trading so that the
whole worry about overleveraging that
ain't going to be you because you don't
you don't know what you're doing and
everybody else out there wants to trade
lots of contract sizes and that's why
they
fail and when you have a losing trade
you're going to stop Trad for that day
that prevents you from over trading you
can't over leverage because it demands
you one and a half times the margin for
adding another
contract you will never over leverage
your account it can't happen
mathematically you're denied
that from the perspective of frequency
of trade as soon as you have a winning
day and you close your your trade and it
was a win that means all partials if you
have gotten to the point where you can
have two contracts in everything is now
done you close the charts you cannot
turn them back on until the end of the
day you're not even watching price
action because that way you are enticed
to do it again you're going to learn
discipline you're going to learn to
follow the [__] rules and you cannot
fail if you follow these it will give
you the chance for the tools to do what
they have been coded to do
when win win in surprising and stunning
[__] fashion with levels of precision
that everybody body else out there are
learning with you that no one else can
match no one else can match this no one
else can match this there's no
discipline of trading looking at charts
or technical studies of this that thing
it doesn't exist folks because this is
the market you're not going to beat the
market okay you're not going to beat it
the only thing you can do is get in sync
with it that's it that's the only thing
you can do or survive it by
look but you're not going to beat it
because it's always controlled and when
it's advantageous for them to color
Outside the Lines pay attention
here come down outside of the new new
week opening Gap here and then price
higher I would want to see speed and
distance now because we've already been
here before so we're Knocking on
Heaven's Door uh when Guns and Roses
came out with that song um number one I
love the album I love the the group but
uh
when I was doing a
MRC internet chat relay room I had I had
a thousand members in
there and right before September
11th 2001 before all that stuff happened
I was running a room with a thousand
members in it I was calling the S&P
calling the B market live
and whenever it would do things like
this where it would get to a level we
were identifying and it would just go
bump bump bump it's like I use the
analogy like SWAT like it eventually
swats coming through your door okay you
don't have enough to keep them from
coming in they're coming in well before
I adopted that mindset um it was like I
would always say knock knock knocking on
heaven's door because it's doing
everything that leads up to an eventual
run up into this area here or imagine
taking a champagne bottle that's never
been opened it's shaking up right now
and they getting ready to pop the cor
and that's where the spray is going okay
so but going back to order
entry
the I don't know why anybody wouldn't be
having fun learning like this because
this this is my cup of tea like I would
love to have this I you don't need to
stay you would bore me and put me to
sleep if it was just this just the dry
monotonous this is the rules as it is
but I'm giving you things that support
the ideas that leads to what I'm
teaching and outlining and where I think
the Mark's going to go but entry
techniques because the fair value Gap is
Caleb's I'm forcing him into that not
that it should be for you but if you're
going to watch the videos just
understand that that's what I'm doing
because he's my son and I'm exercising
my right and Authority as his dad to say
I'm telling you what to do because
you're an adult you can make all the
decisions outside of this and that's
fine but you asked for this so it's my
rules it's my way and this is the way it
is so he's going to learn the fair value
gy because it's it's
visual there are things things that as
you'll learn as we go through this
mentorship that you can use the gaps to
measure Market structure you can measure
the strength or or weakness of an
underlying move and that was IND
indicative of what I was saying earlier
and what I've mentioned the last two
weeks in live streaming whenever we're
looking for a PD
array if if they are not traded
to or if they for instance like a gap if
they don't completely overlap it like we
were outlining here I was saying at the
time let me make this a little bit
larger but keep that portion of price
action up there so available to us if we
look at what was being spoken about that
Gap when this was forming that candle
this candle had not closed yet it has
not closed the next candle I want to see
it drop down right below that candle's
Wick which it does here you may or may
not have been filled there Caleb to be
fair because it's literally like one
tick or two and I've seen it happen with
me I've live streamed recordings I've
live streamed um my analysis of you know
this is what I think's happen I've had
real trades
running with $118,000 of profit with amp
which is a real brokerage firm and not a
[__] demo okay and my limit order did
not get respected was it amp screwing me
I didn't say
that I've had it happen to me when I was
in TDM trade I had it happen when I was
trading with Lyn walduck I had it happen
when I was trading with Fox
Investments so it's it's just it's a
occurrence that's going to happen to you
because you're trying to be so precise
trying to be so precise that you have a
margin for error for that to occur so to
prevent that from happening with your
entries you're going to use that
candlestick's low plus one tick above it
so that means if it books two handles
I'm sorry two ticks below that that low
you should be filled look where it's
trading somebody's about to punch this
punch the air oh son of a [__] I was
trying to fade ICT [__] him he's a fraud
I can't showare the video now it failed
on
me [__]
you [__] you very
much give me some more ICT I'm here all
week baby tip your bartender tip your
[__] bartender who's doing it like
this Patrick come
D get the [__] out of
here oh man this is so [__] fun so
the fair value Gap we don't need it to
come all the way down to the lowend
because that's what folks that are
prematurely trying to teach my Concepts
they're saying that you know you can get
filled at the low end and you'll have
the best and there your stop loss will
be micro short and small you don't need
that because
if H if you haven't picked up on what
I've been laying down here knowing where
the Market's going to gravitate and draw
to okay where the Market's going to draw
and gravitate to is more
important which has more impact on
trading not just your trading but
everyone's trading your ability to get
in on this fair value Gap that maybe not
75% of the people that trade even are
paying attention to or where the
Market's going to draw because there's
stops resting R up here clearly it's
where the Market's going to go to so if
we have done the work and we we're
laying the ground work in foundation for
that to determine where the Market's
going to go over the course of the
session over the course of the day which
we haven't got to that part yet so far
we're only working with
session session draws on liquidity and
they're Dynamic session draws on
liquidity are Dynamic it means it's
above and
below you have to start there you will
not know how to derive the daily bias
until you get good at knowing how to
determine what side of the session bias
is going to be the
draw didn't think about that have you
but that's how I teach that's how you
learn it but if you can formulate an
entry mechanism that affords you number
one a high Precision entry model which
is obviously institutional orderflow
entry drill you don't want to see that
Gap filled in but what happen happens if
you get filled and it does close it in
Caleb nothing it just means you have a
little bit more draw down it's not that
much from this candle's high of 76 and
3/4 to the low of that one which is 80
and a half so what is
that five handles or so factor that in
with the with
commission yeah if you fluff it up with
with commission cost you're using say
for instance when you when I say
commissions you're not technically
paying commissions through TOP Step that
that I'm aware of I don't know I might
be wrong I might be wrong by saying it I
don't know how they do it but because
it's funded it's basically a demo
account you're really not technically
trading and paying any commissions not
that I'm aware of if I'm wrong please
accept my apology because I don't know
for certain but what I'm saying is is
he's only going to trade a prop firm to
get enough stake to take that money and
go into amp Global amp Global is where
he's going to be trading with real money
so he's only using a prop firm to
springboard from demo to profitable
making money and then taking that little
bit of money he's going to stop doing
business with every uh prop firm and
then go into I shouldn't have said it
that way because it makes it s like he's
in multiple because he's not TOP Step is
the only one he's going to go
with he's he's opened up one before with
them tried to pass a combine or two I
think and wasn't able to do it so he's
going to make an attempt to go back and
do it that way recoup whatever he spent
there make enough money to put into a
live brokerage account and then he'll be
trading with amp Global not that I have
an affiliate uh partnership with them uh
I have traded through them they have
cleared trades for me um I
have nothing really bad to say about AMP
that would be like like fxm [__] fxcm
and I'm glad they got shut down and
thrown out a [__] us I'll just leave
it at that but amp Global every broker's
going to have you know something wrong
with them I mean it's just it's it
Nobody's Perfect would I choose any
other broker to trade with live with
real money apart from amp no not at this
moment I wouldn't do it that's my
opinion that is not to say that you
should okay so to answer broker
statements the answer getting a broker
with real accounts who would you trade
with to answer the equation of why
wouldn't you trade with a funded account
anything anything to
that that that vein of thought if it's
dealing with a real broker
amp is the only one that if I had to
start all over again if I had to start
completely all over again which is why
I've said this is what Caleb's gonna
do I would go through the process of
doing whatever I could I personally I
honestly would not be doing a funded
account challenge I I simply wouldn't do
it and the reason why I say that is
because I can only see it from who I am
today they all would love me to do that
because they need have my social
security number and then there it is my
whole [__] identity is [__] and
you know copycatted by some thickhead
that goes through their [__] in back
order
and I'm I'm I'm in trouble with them
because they could ruin me financially I
I you know they can say everything they
want but you can't control the thoughts
and intentions of your employees okay
you can't and if they have access to
that type of information well guess what
you've you've given it to them on silver
platter can it still happen in a brokage
firm sure can I just feel like you know
it's a little bit more easier to prove
who had access to that with a reputable
regulated Broker Than someone that's
running a funded account company okay
and I'll just say it like that but I
would do whatever I
could to raise the money up to put it
into
amp their margins are extremely low not
that that's a good thing their
commission costs are extremely low
that's a real good thing and their
executions have been awesome sometimes
my limit orders don't get filled
sometimes you know I've been
slipped a little bit but not like wild
like I got slipped with uh slippages
where you try to get into the market
place and say right now it's trading at
642 and three4 42 even 42 and a quarter
42 and a half if I bought it you know it
it's filling me yet and now I'm fill it
so I've got four tick slippage I've seen
that and worse with TDM a trade it it
was It was kind of shitty over there to
be honest with you it they sucked so amp
is reasonable my experience with them is
reasonable if you're trying to trade
Futures okay this is the part where the
fun account companies are going to
[__] his him Moon they're going to
create sock puppet accounts and [__]
troll me and talk [__] about me and
everybody else's stuff I would not try
to do funded account challenges or try
to do that I wouldn't do that okay I
wouldn't do it I would do everything in
my power to sell to barter to work a
second job I did all those things coming
up as a 20-year-old I I deliver pizza I
worked on the weekends you know I I did
all that stuff just to get money to to
fund the account and anytime I blew the
account as a 20-year-old I would go and
do more more shifts I would do it and I
would work and earn that money but
that's not what you want to hear today
because you have a millennial Tik Tok
mindset where you want it real fast you
want it easy and everybody owes it to
you and [__] you because you took too
long getting it to me that's your
mentality and you don't like to hear it
being told to you that way but that's
exactly what it is and you don't like me
because I'll call you out on their
[__] and say that's your mentality
that's why it's holding you up you need
to change that stop expecting it to be
easy for you stop expecting it to be
handed to you and I force my son he
works in another state he has to go two
hours commute to get to where he works
at now does that sound like a loving
father it is because I'm showing him
this is what you're going to have to do
it's either that or it's my way and my
way [__] makes money my way makes
your own schedule my way sits on your
[__] ass and says I'm not going to
that man's place today so he can tell me
this is all I'm worth for this many
hours and I better show up one time
tomorrow I don't have a job [__] you
[__] you and Carl I don't want to have
anything to do with that and the only
way that I can forge that mentality in
my children is to allow them to go
through work hardening work hardening is
what made me who I am I don't like a
[__] job you there ain't a job out
there that can pay me high enough for me
to work it ain't no [__] way I'm
unemployable you can't hire me okay you
can't you can't [__] afford me and
that's what your mindset should be I can
make as much as I [__] want and I can
sit as long as I want and do nothing
tell me who's happy tell me who's
happier the surgeon that's making
$600,000 a year that's sweating his ass
off 20 hours in a [__]
surgery yeah he's got a good salary but
he's paying a lot in taxes
and it's stress and he has the life of
someone else is in his in his own hands
and the outcome guess what if that stop
loss is hit you got to live with that
that's too much stress for me [__] that
no way and I have surgeons like that in
my paid
group I couldn't do what they do I
couldn't do that emotionally mentally I
couldn't do
it and their argument was they want to
stay doing that and still make a lot of
money here
my question is is if if you can make
millions of
dollars why would you want to keep doing
that when you can if you went into that
not to save people's lives that's just
the derivative everybody wants to go
into because it's it's a lot of money I
can own a Porsche I can own a nice beach
house I can have a second house I can
have a lot of money but you still have a
job you don't have freedom you have to
do what that hospital says you have to
do when you have to do it
and what's worse because you're now such
a
high high demand
Personnel you could be called in at any
time we have a trauma patient look at
this we need this we need you here right
now we gonna say n man I can't right now
I'm trading British pound I'm trading uh
FC I'm watching this guy on live stream
I can't do it I can't do it you got
somebody else no you're it see what
happens because you're an employee [__]
that no way that's not me so
Caleb he has to see the same thing
you're seeing right here you're watching
and observing you're waiting for the
Still Waters to be
disturbed watch the uh the Water turn
red and then look where is it
smooth I gave you both sides of the
marketplace that means you're looking at
both ends of the the the session because
session draw on liquidity session
liquidity is above and
below it's above and below all you have
to do is
wait wait for them to do the damage wait
for them to do what's the what's the
time window you're going to see it at 10
o'clock that means you have to wait that
first 30 minutes why because that is the
opening
range that's that vertical line right
here okay
so when you're watching price
[Music]
action you're
looking all through that first 30
minutes your your eye is going to where
is the initial legs of
liquidity we gave them to you here is
the buy side and the sell side was over
here here and here and how far could it
reach down Michael mem is telling you
that you can trade down to that new day
opening Gap you can trade down into that
and if it's going to trade through that
we have that low right here which was in
view when I was showing you all this
stuff
anyway then once it does that it rallies
back up to opening range Gap closes it
in drops one more time overlaps into all
this the rejection block you heard me
talk about that is happening come back
down hits the new day opening Gap from
the 16th rallies back up in look how the
bodies are staying here remember I was
saying listen to this part okay it's
spending too much time
it's spending too much time inside of
the opening range Gap meaning
what they're not in a hurry to pierce
this High much more meaningful than they
did here so this high and this High
still relatively clean that's just tiny
it's little that's little bit of
movement that's just like when I was
telling you the description when your
child's coloring they color Outside the
Lines you don't look at that as a
failure you don't say look what you did
you did that wrong smack them forward
you're going to hang it on your
refrigerator CU it's your child
well same thing here when the algorithm
is trading just outside of the lines
it's okay it's doing everything it's
designed to do to get that price High
booked it's got to go above it because
this spread well that's all it did there
did it close above it no did it have
much more meaningful movement beyond
that no did it trade to the high of the
new week opening gap for August 18th
this week's uh new week opening Gap
no so what is it leaving it's leaving
this liquidity and making these
individuals over here feel safe so what
is it what is it going to inspire if it
sells off shorts to do what place their
stop loss above here or if they have
deeper Pockets build it right there so
this is engineering liquidity it
drops here I said take your attention
over here to these Wicks here and
here we watched it drop down below it
took out that low and now I said now
watch what I want to see is does it give
get back above the new day opening gap
on the 16th and then does it come back
down and touch that there yes I don't
want to see it trade down and below that
Wick's consequent encouragement it never
did it right there that tells me and
this is what you're supposed to be doing
by listening to that that you didn't pay
attention to because you're looking for
something else or you're waiting for me
to say something that's going to
resonate with you I'm teaching you how I
called that institutional order entry
Trail how did you know if I show you all
your all the comments from uploading
that video earlier this morning where I
got in the trade how did you know that
and why are you trading before weren't
you supposed to wait for relative equal
highs weren't you supposed to be waiting
for relative equal lows again you don't
know what I'm putting the content out
there for I'm addressing individuals
that are paid students how can we that
know a little bit more than the average
Bayer watching my channel how can we use
this model if we don't have a model that
we've really warmed up to specifically
2016 students I have 2016 paid students
that can't find way through this bill no
matter what content I bring forward no
matter how many people are making money
with it with real money with Real
Results proving it it's happening
calling it live they can't make it work
for themselves because there's some kind
of barrier but their question was is how
can we I I know that they know a lot
more than Caleb does but the questions
are how can they use this
methodology and understand how to use
the range that was formed in London if
you go back and listen to what I was
talking about if you're brand new you
don't know what you're doing and like
I'm telling Caleb you don't worry about
this you don't worry about this you wait
for 7 o'clock and you look for relative
equal highs and relative equal lows well
guess what that that's this
folks that's the that's the relative
equal highs after 7
o'clock right here here's s o'clock okay
it rallies we're waiting we're waiting
we're waiting 9:30 opening bell
all the way to 7 o'clock you're going to
look back through that so if if you're
going to not be an early uh early Trader
you're not trying to trade early you're
G to start looking at the market at nine
o'clock go back to 7 o'clock so you're
looking back through the last two hours
you only have to look back through the
last two hours to see where the
liquidity is so here at 9
o'clock right there what do you
have high that's lower than that isn't
that a relative equal High listen to the
definition I gave you in the previous
teachings yes what are these relative
equal lows so what is it doing first it
runs above these highs there and then
creates what another smooth relative
equal high but then what does it then do
after that it breaks lower takes out the
liquidity here and we're watching the
opening
range what's it doing it's
finding responsiveness at the midpoint
and has no ability to get to the upper
half of it so what's it going to do go
back
further to
7:00 anyone that has more advanced
understanding listen to the lectures I
gave prior to this week where I'm
talking about the relative equal highs
and relative equal lows and I'm telling
Caleb you only wait for the 7 o'clock
and anything that forms to the right of
that I have students that will be able
to use the information that is in price
action prior to 7:00 in the morning
because they know all the things that I
taught them around London and how they
deal with the opening and closing of a
daily range Power Three they're going to
incorporate that part of the range so
that lesson was just simply me saying
this is using Caleb's model and you know
how to use the other stuff I taught you
with London the things I'm talking about
and referring to that are already on the
YouTube channel go watch the mentorship
videos in 2017 the 2017 mentorship
playlist the students that paid and went
through those those lectures live as I
was delivering them as happening and I
was doing live streams and calling
markets and saying this is what's going
to happen doing market reviews saying
where it's going to go
next those were the individuals I was
answering and addressing to there
because they want to know is it anything
here for them or should it just stick
with what they got and I have students
that don't find their way well to the
marketplace still because they have
something and I don't know what the
barrier is for all of them I don't know
what it is okay sometimes you know
they're very clear and showing what it
is and others are just I don't know I
don't know if they're just guarded and
they won't be honest with me and say
this is what I keep doing but I haven't
been willing to show you this I keep
making this mistake so if you're G to
ask me as a student and I'm not saying
you should do this because I still get
emails from people all around the world
saying hey look can you tell me what I'm
doing wrong or or can you look at what I
did here and tell me I did it right I
shouldn't have to do that if the outcome
was positive you did something right if
the outcome was not positive you didn't
do something right so explore I'm not
going to cut cut you to the front of the
line of your learning curve by doing it
and I know some of you just want an
interaction with me on an email like I'm
a celebrity I'm not a celebrity I'm not
important I'm not that great of a person
just be content with what I'm teaching
you here try stop trying to lift me up
to a celebrity status I'm not that I'm
not that uh amazing okay but anything
prior to 7 o'clock well what does that
take you back to
here there which is what I referred you
to when we were what entering into that
9:30 opening where's the liquidity at
here and
here and what did the market do it
addressed what side first here after
[Music]
9:30 that's
here right there so did it go for that
liquidity or the sell side over here
which side did it go for it went for the
sell side
first came back up did it take that
liquidity out yet when it was here no
did it take it out right here no so
where' it go it went below one more time
here we were looking forward to the
sweep down here and as it was dropping
down I said watch these wicks in here it
overshot the entire low that's fine
we're not in a trade we're not getting
stopped out we're not getting squeezed
out we're observing and watching what
are we waiting for we want to see it
take that low out
drops what is this
forming relative equal lows for anybody
that's trading to 9 o'cl going in
Waiting For What the first 30 minutes
opening
Range
High high relative equal highs in an
area I told you this is going to be
problematic we need to study this it
needs to it's going to need to get
through this little area here because
there's two indis of candles even though
that this candles sticks closed and this
candles sticks open is basically
symmetrical it's it's close it doesn't
really provide a
gap when I see candles like this in the
middle two of them like that that to me
is something that needs to be repriced
to and if it goes through it in the
direction I'm looking for it to move
then I'm fine with it then I'm going to
disregard it and never worry about it
again but go back and listen to it while
we were trading here I said it needs to
go through here and it couldn't do it
went lower lower rally one more time the
body staying inside the opening range
got just bumped that high and then took
us down to clear this
I told you once it done that I want to
see it trade above the new day opening
gap on the 16th come back down and touch
that and it did and then I gave you
because of all the things I just
outlined which side did it work
predominantly the cell side what is the
side of the marketplace usually offered
to the public
first the wrong
side they take them down the prim Rose
Le okay there was a song my grandpa used
to listen to um I don't know the artist
was it was an old singer but uh he used
to play every time he would get drunk he
would sit there with his boxer shorts on
nothing else on just well that's not
true he would wear white tube socks and
a pair of boxer shorts his underwear and
he'd sit there with a half a gallon ice
cream butter beon smoking Lark's
cigarettes and watching Gomer pile drunk
as [__] the TV would be on and this guy
would be singing something about going
down the Primrose
Lane well in the market they send the
Traders on the wrong side that's the
Judith swing that's the the run on price
action that gets people thinking this is
where it's going I want to get on board
and they chase it and if they're
initially positioned to profit while
it's forming it it gives them a sense
of like Comfort when you shouldn't be
comfortable It's usually the wrong side
of the marketplace and then it comes
down takes the low out and remember I
was asking do you feel safe if your stop
was
here that's me Prim in you I'm priming
you as a student okay he's taking my
attention up here and I said now what
about the people that had their stop
loss here who's made money right now
shorts anyone long from that low is now
unseated why did they do that because
they're going to go here so to run from
here to here is profitable to run from
here to here is profitable and why it
went down there is to unseat the stops
that were resting right below that
low I took your attention to this area
here told you the fair value C was going
to be there before that candle
closed one tick below this candle that's
the institutional orderflow entry jail
and we don't want to see that entire Gap
closed in that Gap looks like
this that's your fair value Gap it went
down to this low is that still unfilled
of of course it is that's exactly what
you want to see as a signature that is
the algorithm tipping its hand to me
because I know what the [__] I'm looking
for when it does that it's going to be
what I want to see we want to see it
rally up where is it going to Rally to
Michael new week new week opening Gap
love and then we want to see it trade
into the midpoint of that consequent
encroachment and does it touch the top
of it look at the bodies respecting it
again yeah we Wick through it and
admittedly when I said 6 boom it
happened I thought because it flashed
real quick my I was watching that this
line I thought that that was this over
here and it had to dig down and I told
you okay I want to see it go down into
this area here and there's a balanced
price range in there so it can do that
and then send it higher does your chart
show
this I'm quite [__] certain that your
chart if you have live data feed right
now if you're watching it after the fact
you're now looking at the same thing
that's on this chart and you're going to
tell me that we don't know what the [__]
we're doing around here like this is
completely random like it's
random we're looking at a one minute
chart every fluctuation of any
significance is being
outlined the logic as to why it's going
to go where it's going to go pray tell
where's the [__] book where's the
authors before 1996 that was outlining
anything like that it didn't happen and
there was nobody doing it while I was
becoming who I am
today November 5th 1992 that was when I
started on a Thursday night at N9
o'clock in a house
in bird River
Maryland renting their $50 a
month I'm sorry $50 a week room and
board at my aunt and uncle's house and I
started to learn how to be a Trader
November 5th at 900 p.m on a Thursday
night and between
then all the
way to
1996 that's when I had everything as I
wanted it and then I tinkered with it
for a little bit more after that and
prolonged the progress but I had it
figured out in
1996 around April of 96 thereabouts it
was
Springtime and I was looking out over
the water and gunpowder State Park I
used to go out there and listen to CDs
and tapes and
audio books and stuff not about trading
just usually it was like Stephen King
stuff and I'd have my little Walkman
headset
and it dawned on me that I have cracked
this [__] I figured it out like I have
it and it was my moment of astonishment
that I have arrived and I didn't realize
it until that moment and I wasn't even
looking at charts when it
happened but all of these things
in price action they're going to
repeat they're going to repeat but I
have to walk Caleb through this and
prompt him to say okay do you see this
you see this watch observe what happens
when it does this watch observe when it
happens to do this when it's time to
move you hear me tell
you you hear me but I'm not going to
hold your hand and say Here's a buy put
your stop loss here that that that's not
what I'm here for and that's what most
of you want happening and because it
ain't happening that way you're going to
talk [__] because you think number one
either you're going to feel good about
having done it because it's a release
for you or that I'm going to read it get
inspired by it and say okay well this is
reverse psychology I'm going to fall
victim because I'm a [__] and I'm going
to do what you want me to do because you
you're pulling the strings you're no
marionette Master over me you feel in
charge you feel in charge of me no
nobody's in charge of me the Lord is but
these things that will will repeat over
and over again in price action the logic
of waiting for the sell side and the buy
side once you define what they are just
wait for the first one to get
taken when that water is Disturbed and
you see
violence jagged jagged jagged the whole
time these are smooth and this is smooth
oh I want to be able to buy down here
well when it goes below that you buy it
then learn from that sometimes it'll
great sometimes it won't
be we want to see it trade above the new
day opening Gap that means I'm saying
that once it gets above that and it
starts the trade here as long as we
don't breach that midpoint of that Wick
right
there why because we've had the stops
run below that low in here so this
movement is what it's a wick on a higher
time frame it just doesn't look like one
it's wicking
here to take us below that low and that
low so this low is the low that forms
what these relative equal lows and it's
also being respective of the new day
opening Gap see the
bodies is this one doing it
no oh see that's logic
that's logic I'm not going to refer to
this one as we go back above it as
support I'm going to use this one
because this one here is already showing
that it's done what it's respected it so
the algorithm is going to go back to
that one it's not going to refer to this
one which one was on the new day opening
Gap and the bodies are showing it right
there so now my attention was focused
there we went above it I'm going to see
it trade down touch the opening I'm
sorry the uh the new day opening Gap
high and it can trade as low as that low
one but we don't want to see a
close below that Wick of that
candlestick's midpoint or consequent
encroachment of it and it only gave us a
touch of the high of the new day opening
Gap rallied showed displacement
wonderful next candle as it's forming
this is going to be a fair value Gap
called before it Formed institutional
order flow called before it delivered I
was off by two handles eight tick or
thereabouts or seven tick would it be
seven tick we just call it two handles
it did not close in that gap which is
exactly what I told you that's ideal and
then it's Off to the
Races look how it responded off of the
consequent encroaching of the opening
range Gap
there a't that beautiful I mean when you
see that doesn't that just get your
[__] juices
flowing like this is stuff that once you
study it and you see it and you're able
to see it your eyes is going to jump to
it
and then after being able to see it in
hindsight where your eye jumps to it
you'll be able to predict it like I'm
proving to
you because you know what it's trying to
do you know what handhold it's going to
have if price was personified as a rock
climber okay if it's a rock climber you
can look back over here and see what
it's going to place its hand in and or
what it's going to place its foot in I
told you it's going to go down into this
Gap uh this fair value Gap in here P
down into this balance price range go
back go back and listen I can't edit it
I don't re-upload the live streams once
they're there they're
there trades into it
there only by the
wick consequent encroachment sends us
boom
heartache shorts aren't unprofitable
longs it bought in here knocked out who
made money
they cleared the they cleared the table
both
sides when you're watching me don't try
to predict why I'm trying to say
something just
listen take notes because you're not
going to get the lesson until you go
back and watch the live stream after the
fact if you're just watching it one time
through you didn't learned [__] you
observed you're some of you are just
looking for me to do something wrong
that's a waste of your your time I'm
tickled that I'm wasting your time
because you're not here to learn and
you're wasting your time I'm doing this
and it's profiting my son it may be
profiting a large number of you that are
watching as well but that's just
something extra that's not my motivation
my motiv my motivation is proving that
my son over time can do what I'm able to
do even if it's 5% of what I know that's
enough to replace his
job if he can do 25% of what I know he's
wildly rich just got to wait for it to
to build up that's
all but if you're going in here watching
me to learn how to quickly get money to
quickly make money to quickly blow your
accounts to Stratosphere
levels you're thinking about it wrong
your idea about making money is going to
surpass the necessity for you to be
humble and just take in information
that's what he's doing he's not trying
to predict what it's going to do he's
listening he's observing he's watching
me he's watching me do this side by side
right next to him he's watched me take
trades he's watched me make your [__]
annual salary in one trade he's watched
me do
that but he's also unaware on how to do
it himself
so this is this is how I would talk to
him I would not be adding anything ex
extra than what I'm doing here this is
exactly how I talk to him when it's
something it's it's Salient and it's
meaning it has an impact or it will have
an impact on his growth and what he'll
probably be wasting time if he falls
victim to worrying about this and not
paying attention to the things I'm
talking about if he doesn't listen it's
going to take him
longer if he listens applies the things
I'm showing
you the
logic these things you'll see they will
repeat and because they're repeating and
because I'm here every single day over
top of Life price action outlining them
explaining them to you
I mean think about it how many things
are you seeing happening every time we
get a live stream
going you're seeing fluctuations in
price action outlined beforehand is it
every single candle providing you a
trade no and that's exactly the
point that's the
point he's going to see oh this is the
thing I'm looking for there might be
some wiggle and waggle in price action
that he can see coming and oh yeah but
that's not a trade
but isn't it funny how when it's time to
put the money in we're going to see a
gap stay open an Institutional entry
we're talking about entries this week
did it
work you tell me you tell me
Expos you tell me Mr YouTuber trying to
make money with affiliate links talking
about other [__] people you [__]
clown come on you tell me is it working
am I am I throwing my career
[Music]
away am I am I here clowning you you
[__] [__] the [__] out of here you
[__] piece of
shits students that stay here and learn
how to do this they will be laughing at
you like I laugh at you because once
they know how this is done in their own
hands nobody's going to convince them
otherwise this is the truth this is the
market and there ain't nothing better
nothing's going to be better than this
how the [__] can you improve upon
Perfection how can you you'll know when
to do something something when not to do
something you know when the Market's
going to behave a certain way you talk
about volume profile that's really a a
really a poor choice of of words because
if I say a market
profile invariably some of you were
thinking oh well he's just renaming
volume profile no what I'm saying is
there are
schematics on how the price will behave
a certain
way on an individual session B basis on
a daily basis on a weekly range basis
and on a monthly range basis on a
quarterly basis and for the
year I know that if I didn't know that I
couldn't sit here and tell you when
certain things are going to form on a
one minute chart on a 15c [__] chart
how could that be possible how is that
possible unless I know something that
nobody else [__] knows that's not
bragging I'm I'm forcing you to make a
critical assessment here are you paying
attention because clearly this is not
harmonic [__] it's not supply and
demand it's elements of
time then waiting for price to do
something as a response to what's done
at a specific
time you're waiting and to make it very
very easy to make it very simple I
taught my son to outline the liquidity
above and below the marketplace and wait
for the first one to be
taken and then the second one will come
later because the first one shall later
be last that's in
scripture that's the same thing you're
seeing in the marketplace this liquidity
was
saved and what you're going to learn the
key takeaways Caleb is if this is going
to be taken second that means it's going
to potentially move a little bit more
Beyond this one meaning what if you
know that a daily range and I'm going to
I'm going to draw out
crude depiction of a D and another daily
Candlestick here or not a Candlestick
but open highight
close if you're enjoying this and you're
making Leaps and Bounds in your
understanding or just entertained this
is the time when you do the thumbs up on
the channel on this video if you click
the thumbs up that means that I
connected with you on a level that has
helped you understand and inspired
you to stick with it if you don't put
the thumbs up I'm still going to keep
doing it because that means that you
want me to stop and I'm going to deny
you okay where I did this the last time
I guess it's too small for me to copy it
like that I'm sure there's a probably an
easier
way just clone it ICT I heard
you but if I still move it it's going to
act
wonky right say say think of this as a
individual
Bar for a daily chart okay so other
words it's it's representing the highest
high in the lowest low of the day okay
and say in your in your mind that you're
looking at the market and you're
studying weekly charts and monthly
charts and daily charts over the weekend
before the market starts trading on
Sunday at 6m I'm going to say this
portion here and then we'll drop down to
a 15-second chart and look at the
fluctuations and then I'm going to close
the session out because it's getting a
little bit too too
long no no no keep going long I I I want
to but I want to keep it small because
my my son doesn't have a lot of time
after he works to watch all these things
so I have to be a little bit more
economical with my time as much as I'm
pouring into it but I'm doing it every
day so he's he's actually behind so he's
not
watching these in in the entirety from
the beginning to end because he's
working and I don't want him get in
trouble while he's work watching my
stuff at work you shouldn't do that
so that's kind of like where I'm trying
to aim for going forward and it's it's a
little bit complicated because I you're
going to eventually have to trade the
whole session right so you have to have
the at least the entire session in the
live stream so talk about what it is and
what it isn't but if this is the daily
range okay not a Candlestick but a open
high low close bar so this is the open
this is the lowest that made for the day
and this is the highest it made for the
day and this is where it stops trade
okay
if you're thinking is that we're
probably going to move up over a series
of days or for the week or for the month
or we're moving in that direction higher
okay and you're watching price
action at 9:30 here and you've defined
as we did
here the cell
side was here we incorporated that old
new Daye opening Gap and we gave you the
buy side so if we're opening right here
at that candlestick's tick
opening go back over
here
if that opening price on that I'm gonna
move this vertical line so you can see
it better so that opening we opened went
up closed down that opening right there
represents this graphically in my
diagram okay and then from that opening
price that movement from here to that
low that low would represent that low on
The Daily open high low close bar so
what we're saying is is the open and the
initial drop down that's the fake move
that's the Judah swing that's where
smart money
buys okay now the complication comes in
at where you are going to be a buyer I
don't expect my son to be a buyer down
here I don't expect him to buy the
rejection block I don't expect him to
buy down here below that low that's too
much of an expectation placed on him
he's not it's going to take him a long
time to try to buy below here I can do
that clearly you can see I've done I've
done executions with Live accounts
proved it they were in Live accounts you
can see it
there signed in to my account it's on
this channel still right into TD Mar
trade show every single day with the
broker statements were shown every
single day okay it's there people that
want to talk about I don't trade with
real money kiss my [__] ass I'm I'm
out here doing it what the [__] you
talking about but that opening price
here down to that low in that area that
range that means where this low forms
and where the opening is you're
hunting you don't have to have the low
tick you're just hunting something to be
long you can feel confident that when
you're working towards holding on to
trades that paying out longer term
Patrick Wheeling this is for you buddy
because you need to learn how to [__]
trade this movement from the opening
price
I just shocked him right now he's like
what the [__] you just call me by my
name yeah your your listeners need to
support you too not troll him you
shouldn't encourage him because if he
starts doing stuff like this he'll start
making real big money real big money and
he'll he'll be amazing to watch live
streaming and doing it okay but this
opening price down to that low that
range okay graphically looks like
this that little sweet spot
right
[Music]
here inside that range that's where your
best opportunity to buy and hold and
just wait until we get to the lunch hour
and then measure out where it can
retrace so if there's going to be a
lunch macro if it's going to go lower
you can determine where it's going to go
lower you can determine that and not
place your stock loss within grasp of
that ideally what you want to do is
learn learn to try to enter when you're
bullish longer term when you think it's
going to go higher so don't think that
this is a onetick pony intraday trading
only and you can never use it to make
bigger money you can but you can't you
can't appreciate this type of daily
Candlestick close until you first learn
how to read these intraday price
fluctuations because by doing it this
way number one you're going to get a lot
of exercise you're GNA get a lot of
price action that to to to digest and
learn from because everything I'm
showing you here is fractal you can
apply it to a weekly chart you can apply
it to a monthly chart you can drill down
to a 5-second chart it's still there
what do you want to do with it how you
want to frame your model but for folks
that want to use this for longer term
holding on for the longer term range and
reason why I'm teaching this is I got
criticized by students that actually are
paid students too they're like you said
in our lectures that days that go up are
a classic buy day yeah but you can't
participate on them if they make this
low before 8:30 I'm sorry before 9:30 is
opening bell and you're trading at 9:30
and you're streaming at 9:30 how the
[__] am I going to teach you how to use
an 8:30 entry if I'm starting the stream
at
9:30 so I can't go back in time and put
myself in the trade clearly I can't do
that but for those individuals that know
that this is what it looks like not
every classic buy day or classic sell
day where it's just One Direction that's
not the same a classic buy day is just
it moves up and closes up high it
doesn't mean it's One Direction with no
retracements there's sometimes it's like
that if you're able to hold on to it
they're very very fun and I'm teaching
you how to do those types of things
right here right now addressing paid
students that question me critically I
might add disrespectfully I might add if
I was Negan you'd get a [__] molten
hot lava [__] poured over your [__]
head because of that you better talk
nicely to me you better remember who
daddy
is so we have the opening which is that
price there and any movement down we
don't need it to tell us in advance what
the lowest low is see that's that's the
part that's going to hurt you because
you're thinking I need to know how to
buy below the opening price because that
was what I that was my
biggest challenge because Larry Williams
said he couldn't determine how to do
that so he would buy strength breaking
above the opening price and every time I
did that it would hurt me because it
would retrace back down in and it it
would it would crush me I would get
stopped out because I was overleveraging
in my 20s and I wanted to get to the end
of the the game where I didn't have to
have a job so I was doing all the wrong
things I was putting all the emphasis on
all the wrong [__] hoping that I could
get myself around all the adversities
that I knew were likely but I just put
blinders on saying I'm Not Gon to I'm
not going to be subjected to that it's
going to work for me I'm going to get
lucky and it didn't work like that I had
all the same things that happened to you
happened to me but it happened in much
more stunning fashion because I was
willing to put more money in constantly
and trade without any stop without any
measure of concern about it losing I
only saw the potential of winning every
single time so that's toxic and you got
to avoid that but at the opening price
or below that's what Larry Williams was
saying he couldn't figure that out and
he Pally said you know I don't know if
if he knew the addresses or the not the
address but the ZIP codes of the traders
that knew how to do that would be
helpful it was factious statement I was
like you know what here's my hero in
1995 I'm watching this man who went out
there in public physically took $10,000
to $2.2 million fell got hurt and then
traded back to $1.2 million and
everybody said it it wasn't real wasn't
it wasn't a real event it it it took
place man he did it okay so that was my
hero that was everything he said I hung
on every word like some of you do at me
and please don't do that I never meet
your hero never look up your hero and
put him on a pedestal because eventually
you get more information about that
person you'll find out they're not as
heroic as you thought and it hurts it
hurts and I'm not saying anything bad
about Larry I'm just saying
that I took his public statement about
what he was unable to see in price
action and that was the invitation for
me to say that's the thing I'm looking
for because if he can't do that I'm
going to go in if anybody on this
[__] plan is going to figure it out
I'm going to and I I did and I teach it
it's power three so if we know the
opening price that's a finite number
they're not going to move that around
it's right there it's the opening tick
on that
candle then simply wait for it to
drop aim for liquidity or aim for any
inefficiency below that price to the
left over here okay the first stages
were the sell out liquidity and then
that new day opening Gap it pierced
through both of them and then what it do
it came right back to opening range and
I said I was spending too much time into
it here and then it
drops takes out that low then I told you
I took your attention to that Wick the
midpoint of that and we want to see it
get above it treat the old new day
opening Gap now let me ask you something
if you didn't know about the new day
opening Gap why would you expect this
candle to drop that level right there
and incend it higher why would why would
you expect that you [__] wouldn't you
would have never expected that to happen
that would have never [__] happened
but here it is good old ICT sitting here
5 52 years old could be sitting on a
[__] beach sipping on some pina
colada non-alcoholic relaxing I could
have been doing anything else but this
and I'm explaining it to you
beforehand for free for free no [__]
course payments
required taking your attention right
there it's going to form a fair value
Gap and it's going to be an entry that's
an Institutional order flow entry drill
that means it's not going to close the
gap in it's going to leave a portion
open and then it [__] does
it what's occurring this fair value Gap
with the institutional order entry drill
and leaving that Gap open Where's that
where's that forming in the context of
the daily range based on this logic over
here it's inside that open to the
low open to the low look I'll use the
same thing graphically depicting I'm not
predicting the closing price don't get
me wrong I'm just saying if you go in
every single day with this logic while
you're learning how to do it better this
is how you grow in holding on to trades
and eventually you are going to catch a
[__] tiger by the tail and baby when
it starts running you better hold the
[__] on because you're going through all
kinds of [__] sticker
bushes water dry ground rocks tear your
ass all up it's GNA be hard to hold on
to it but the end of the day when it
closes like this on the days that it
does it man you've made tons you've made
tons and that fixes all kinds of
screw-ups it it fixes all kinds of draw
down it fixes all kinds of days where
you did too much and you gave back wins
it fixes all that stuff and it Smooths
out your monthly Equity curve so I'm not
P I'm not pushing my son into taking
trades that it's just 10 15 handles 20
handles and yeah you're a success you
can and it's going to prove to him that
you don't need anything more than that
to make your
job but eventually he's going to be
forced into trading like this see I I'm
this is my son I want ICT 5.0 [__] 2.0
we're going 5.0 because I want him to be
a [__] freak I want him to be able to
go in there air like I can and say this
is what's G to happen and this is why
it's going to happen and I ain't worried
about it it's gonna happen boom done he
can go in a like a [__] money tree
walk out back pluck some [__]
Benjamin's off the [__] Branch stuff
his pockets and go [__] spend it and
not worry about the price tag that's
what I want for my son and if you think
that's arrogant you think that's
narcissistic go [__] yourself goes why
would you want anything
less it doesn't mean it's it's oh it's
it's evil that's what the devil wants
that's not
biblical people that send me stuff you
God God doesn't want you trading he
literally teaches a parable about giving
a reward for people that do the very
thing that we do we're investing we're
not gambling does this look like [__]
gambling knowing what you're looking for
waiting for the criteria to be met and
then having Sound Logic saying it should
behave like this and then it does inside
the range between the open down to the
low there's your fair value got right
there that is your low
risk
by oh and you did it live you outlin the
details
live no hindsight no edited out here in
front of everybody it either works or it
doesn't I either do my Victory lap or I
fall in my face which is is it what
happened in your
chart fun isn't it So eventually what
happens is by entering like this when
you have a longer term bias that you
derive from a monthly and a weekly chart
So eventually Caleb's going to determ
where in that Spectrum his trades should
be focused on so if you're bullish
longer term and you think that this is
the criteria that the the daily candles
are going to form or the day that you're
trading is going to form this so this is
basically like five 5 o' or 4 15 Eastern
Standard Time that closing price in
relationship to where you opened up at
9:30 down here that's bullish isn't it
so how can you how can you hold on to
those trades without having a whole lot
of fear anxiety or oh I'm scared I'm
gonna get stopped out you have to
determine how to buy at the open or
below it because rarely will it go back
down after it runs up here it's rarely
goes back back down air if it does it's
probably not going to create this
condition here so
why do I teach you to take partials
because you don't know when it's going
to turn on you you don't have the
advanced understanding you don't have
the experience you don't have the the
time invested in knowing how to navigate
price you don't know you're you're going
to react to everything adversely
everything when you're making money it's
going to scare you shitless you're gonna
know what the like what what am I
supposed to do I was I was hoping I was
going to move up 20 handles it just jump
40 I didn't put a limit order in what
the [__] do I do I'm making more money
I'm supposed to what am I supposed to
do that's a good problem but you're
going to get panicked by that and you're
going to hold on to it too long because
you're not going to notice that it's
caused a reversal because you don't have
the experience and that's the first time
you made big
money these are all lessons that you're
going to walk into and discover wow I
didn't know that about myself I didn't
know I I was going to handle it that way
you think when you make money it's going
to be oh man I'm cool I'm chill [__] I'm
just I ain't got nothing to worry about
bro it's this everyday thing around here
man the whole time you're [__]
bricks because you've never felt that
before you're panicked you're you're
your heart's tacking 130 beats a minute
you can't catch your breath you're
hyperventilating your body's tingling
you feel like you're going to pass out
and throw up and [__] yourself all at
the same time welcome to profitable
trading for the first time because
that's exactly what it [__] feels
like you've never been there and nobody
can adequately describe if that's the
closest thing when you get there you're
like damn he was right
and when you let go of that moment and
you let it turn into a loss man does
that
suck so I'm trying to prevent that I'm
trying to prevent that whole Escapade
because it it holds you back when you
have it because it creates Scar
Tissue so by entering
in after what side of the marketplace
and its liquidity remember we framed it
here this is easy folks I don't know
what the [__] you people are complaining
about relative equal highs and the
relative equal I gave you this morning
which one does it hit first after 9:30
bang okay so what does that tell you
that's the first stage of catching a
power three day like this if you're
gonna try to hold for a long big up Clos
day it has to drop down and take the
cide
first it did it this morning but see
look at what look at how I'm teaching my
son look at how I taught the mentorship
the paid mentorship is the same
way it's the same way
listen to the liquidity conversations I
have
there the buy side and the sell side now
Johnny asked much we sit there and watch
this stuff and say hey see he's calling
both sides of the marketplace he doesn't
know what the [__] he's talking about
you're an idiot you're a [__] idiot
you're a clown you don't even
listen if you're going to troll me at
least do the [__] due diligence of
listening to what I said get the
framework and then go and improve it
doesn't work that's how you do it but
see you can't do it that way so you got
to take things out of context because %
of people that have any familiarity with
me that are not my students they'll say
oh yeah it's the IC guy he's hindsight
he's Den he's he's whatever because they
heard everybody else's opinion about it
and they never sat here and was a
student they never put themselves
through it but if you take the cell side
first that's the first qualifier for an
up closed day because what is it doing
it's tricking people that it's going to
go down that's the Judith swing a Judas
goat is the goat that leads the lamb or
the Lambs into the slaugh house there's
a little pathway that the Judas goat is
trained to take a little detour not go
in the slaughter house but the the the
Sheep are stupid they're following the
the the opinions of other people that
are not students of mine that have
something to sell and they want to deter
you they want to take you away from it
they want to lead you into their
slaughter house who do you GNA [__]
believe who are you going to believe the
guy that's literally sitting here for
[__] free teaching you how to beat
the [__] out of these [__] markets
with a level of precision that none of
these clowns can even come close to and
explaining it over a one minute chart
Real Time with a 3 second delay and I
can't speed it up anymore baby that's
the fastest YouTube's going to send it
through its
servers or you g to believe the guy that
says oh this guy's an [__] here's my
affiliate League hope you use my broker
because I you can help me out and
support my channel Who you gonna believe
who is teaching what they need their
money I am not asking for
[__] I don't give a [__] whether you use
my stuff or not I don't care CU it's
going to keep working regardless of you
using it or not using it and the more
people using it guess what it just means
there's more witnesses to the fact that
it's [__]
working but everything is a graduated
understanding when Caleb sees that the
sell sides taken first okay that means
it's going to reach for the buy side but
I can't take him into a lesson says look
son when we're bullish well what makes
us foolish well we just watched today it
took the cell side first and then it
reaches for the body side after seeing
that for days weeks and months you get
comfortable with that idea you don't
need somebody else to tell you on
another video you don't need ICT to
answer your question about the bias
because you've already seen it so then
the next graduated step is holding
through
lunch aim for
130 close your trade entirely at 130 if
you're in profit close it and you keep
doing that and then eventually what
you'll do is you'll watch and see that
eventually you'll start seeing the days
that do these types of things they close
near their
high but just off the high like it does
here and you'll see that during the last
hour it creates that far extreme high
and then right before close it comes off
that and that closes just a little bit
below where the highest high was for the
day so if you do your work of buying
below the
open at or below it and I gave you that
real time here
today and such a beautiful beautiful
tapestry just beautiful isn't it see how
all this stuff fits together and some of
you think this is this is complicated
well it's complicated because it's going
to require some [__] brain cells okay
and it's going to require more than 30
seconds
of spending time looking at it I'm not
Tik Tock
okay the logic of filing this to its
completion you have have no idea where
you are going to be as a Trader the Le
the the the Leaps and Bounds the and and
the depth of understanding you're going
to be able to have using this
information once you have it no one can
take it from you no one can diminish it
no one can talk down to you they can't
strip it from you they can't demoralize
you they can't make you doubt it you'll
never [__] doubt it you'll literally
walk around with a [__] raging heart
on and you may still be a [__] female
but you're going to be horned up on it
because this is the real [__] you will
never be scared of the market you're
never scared of it will you respect it
ABS [__]
lutely but you won't be fearful of it
you won't be fearful that it's going to
stop working it's going to keep working
because there's ass hats and dumb asses
always coming in the marketplace that
want to follow indicators and some
[__] Mickey Mouse logic that's sold
in books and core sellers stuff there's
always gonna be some kind of [__]
gimmick that comes out and oh well yeah
I was a soand so I was an ex ICT student
but this guy's Lux algo indicator did it
for me and Lux algo I know you haven't
reached out to me or anything I'm not
[__] on you I'm just saying you make
indicators okay and I you make
indicators with my own stuff in it some
of it ain't right some of it's close but
the point is is indicators by Venom
themselves is
useless it's
useless if I have a [__] stop sign
okay if I have a stop sign which is a
control device for
drivers if I take that stop sign and I
put it at the bottom of the [__]
cliff on a foggy day
okay and you drive off the [__] cliff
and as you're going down you see the
stop sign what good is
that you're
[__] you can't stop it you're
done indicators are taking what's
already happened you're [__] falling
off a cliff you better stop you're damn
right you better stop but unfortunately
you're gonna stop abruptly and that ends
you just like it does in your trading
account because you're taking
mathematically derived information
that's been crunched by indicators
okay and attributing to it a level of
faith it does not deserve it doesn't
give you Advanced
Insight I'm telling you fair value gaps
where they're going to form and
inversion fair value gaps before they
[__] form before they're there the
indicator can never do that it has to
have the old data then it crunches it
then it spits it
out I'm ahead of
everything before any of your volume
[__] I'm already ahead of
it before any harmonic [__] pattern I
already see it
coming and what do you think happens
when you're a student of mine and you
take it
serious you're just like
me you're informed you're educated
you're [__] light years ahead of
everybody else and when you listen to
these ass hats these [__] ankle
biters these little nose mining Pricks
these 20y olds that think they know
something
they have no idea they have no [__]
idea and it's entertaining as [__] and I
do this because I want more of it I want
more of it you entertain me you [__]
ass HS you [__] clowns I can sit here
every [__] day and it's still gonna
be the same
outcome but you're sitting over there
waiting for the day waiting for the day
that I'll call One Candle wrong and
you'll you'll forget everything else in
the live stream but you'll go to that
and you're still Hawking affiliate links
you're still Hawking some drama [__]
clowns that's a clown but I'll have fun
with you you'll be a toy for me and
everybody that learns how to do this
will look at people like that the same
way you won't maybe you won't play
around like a cat and mouse like I do
but you look at it and say h you dismiss
it because it's it's irrelevant there
opinion is irrelevant because once you
adopt your own mindset your own opinion
because you've handled it you've worked
with the information you've tested it
you've seen the the benefits of it and
it doesn't have any
comparison there's nothing close to it
and there's nothing ever going to be
better than that because this is the
market this is
it period okay
so it's a graduated understanding that
my son's going to go through and he
knows it's going to take him some
time and it's not a quick real fast type
thing because you can't can't just jump
into well here by the open or below it
and then hold for up close C how how do
you get to the point where you trust
that that's even there you have to have
some kind of a logic that has repeated
that built on your understanding
modularly one piece at a time okay one
little piece at a time and you get more
understanding about yourself how you're
going to endure or fail and failure is a
normal thing initially don't be afraid
of that because when you fail in your
observations you you highlight these
little opportunities for you okay this
is exciting because I thought this was
going to work but now I'm going to find
something with more understanding and
it's going to make this so much clearer
and it's probably gonna unlock something
else that I don't even have a question
about yet and it's G to keep feeding you
it feeds on itself that's what that's
what excited learning feels like but if
you go in thinking that you're going to
fail and why bother and the first time I
have any kind of adversity I'm just
going to drop this [__] look it's a hot
rock I'm not the guy for you I want
people that are going to like a Pit Bull
bite down on this pork chop and don't
[__] let go cuz I promise you're
going to eat and you're going to [__]
eat good real good better than you ever
[__] thought and you'll be able to do
it any [__] time you want you want to
take a week off of trading wonderful do
it because when you come back this
shit's still going to be working you
want to take the whole summer off
wonderful do it when you come back in
the fall it's still going to be [__]
working but think about how you think
about trading right now and how your
Educators tell you oh man you got to
push your Edge it's right now the
Market's really hot the Market's always
[__]
hot it's always hot it's always moving
around it's always doing these things
every single week it's moving around
it's always following time it's always
doing the same thing it's setting up
stupid people and knocking them out
what's it doing that
for liquidity that's the lifeblood of
the
marketplace it's what makes the markets
move
around it's moving to where orders are
resting and if someone in here that has
the bested interest in pushing price
around just like a casino they keep
people in that
lose and the ones that lose big they'll
give them free [__] rooms you want to
see a show it's good to have you
back we ain't seen you in a while you're
down today oh no problem don't worry
here here's some tickets go watch the
show Girls Go watch a magic act here
we're going to comp you a room come back
that [__] room costs them nothing
they want you to come back and spend
more money that's what the market does
they keep selling that idea here's a new
indicator here's a new gimmick here's a
new methodology of trading here's a new
Guru here's a new Twist on old
things there's always going to be
suckers coming in folks that is not
that's never going to stop
happening as people grow older new
people grow older and now they're older
in an investment age and they're going
to read the same horeshit that probably
got you into trading and they're going
to put money into it and that one
contract it's all takes that one
contract above or below old lows that's
liquidity and they only need one
contract to book price and if you know
where they're trading no no not trading
but training their eye on taking the
market up to a specific level Allah
these highs here or down to the
lows I love these here what if they
can't hide it now think about it they
cannot ever hide it from you that should
make you feel confident it shouldn't
give you a sense of overconfidence but
it should give you
confidence that this stuff is in your
grasp it just takes a little bit of time
of you watching it studying it take
examples screenshot it and see what it
did and you're going to see the things
I'm talking about it repeats every day
that's why the whole the whole moniker
is every week every day and it won't
stop that's my slogan that's my little
catchphrase in the beginning it's like
oh well you he's just bragging because
he got right I get it right [__] week
every week it's the [__] same
show I get excited and animated because
I get to experience it through your eyes
because I know you've never seen this
before you've never seen it like
this where it's like i' I've read this
book before I know the outcome that's
what it feels like that's exactly what
it feels
like and it's
wonderful it's
encouraging and then you want to teach
it to your children when you you know it
because once they had that skill
set that's it you're done you're set you
can lay your head down and not have to
worry about it no
more that's what I want for all of you I
want it for my son I want it for his
sons and daughters should choose to have
some but all of you that are listening
ease dropping in I want it for you too
you can't even imagine what it feels
like to wake up in the morning whenever
you wake up not by an alarm clock just
wake up because your body says it's time
for you to get up and do something ain't
it
and you decide do you want to make an
annual
salary by pushing a couple buttons and
waiting a little bit of time or you just
want to take another day off because it
ain't going to bother you if you
do you have no idea what that feels like
you have no idea but it's all in your
grasp by what I'm sharing for free
here I promise you if it was complicated
and you couldn't do it and it's going to
require more than what anybody else
would be expected to put themselves
through I would be up say but you're
probably not going to do this it's going
to be hard only less than 1% of you
going to be able to do
this I come out and tell you I'm I'm
blunt about everything and I would tell
you this is some hard [__] but it's not
what's hard is
starting with a systematic approach to
studying and sticking with
it like a diet or working out with
weights you're not getting the results
right away You're deferring the results
you're going to put yourself through
this process and defer the results that
you hope that you'll get you don't know
if you're going to get because you don't
know if you're going to stick with it
and most people don't stick with it so
what do they get they don't get the
results hey I'm trying this diet I'm
trying that diet I tried this exercise
routine yeah you see this new workout
routine hey I'm doing the so and so
split routine everybody's got something
how about just lift [__] weights and
have a a caloric deficit how about that
it's simple well I just did that same
thing with trading all you're doing is
looking at a specific element of Time
start watching at 7 o'clock up to 9
regardless if you start at 7 8 or 9
you're waiting you're waiting for
information to be delivered to you in
the form of relative equal highs
relative equal lows and what side of the
marketplace are they taking
first that's the Trap that is the
gimmick that's the
snare that's the Judith swing doing its
job leading the dumb asses the sheep
that just going to follow the herd
what's the herd whatever the Market's
doing right now if it's been going up
they're going to buy it if it's going
down they're going to sell
short that's what a retail minded Trader
does that's what they do they key up on
okay this is what's happening right now
oh what's the easiest thing to do oh I
need to push a button I need to do
something [__] it it's dropping I'm I'm
gonna so
short and
sometimes sometimes it moves
continuously for them and they attribute
that as skill and it's not they're
rewarding poor decision-making and
gambling and that's exactly what I did
in
1992 and I attributed as I'm better than
I thought it was [__] this was
easy in a couple months went by man I
got all this [__] figured
out no no it wasn't like that at all
then the market started dropping having
retracements and I didn't know how to go
short and I was buying and every time it
went lower I bought bought add more to
it um yeah I better not I better not put
a stop loss on this one let me just buy
one more because then only has to go up
a little bit more and then I can get out
even see what just happened I'm not
trying to make money I'm trying to get
back something I
lost that's not profiting that's getting
even and getting even is the same thing
as Revenge I want to get even [__] that
that's that's toxic how do you avoid all
that stuff by knowing what you're doing
what you're looking for and you've been
around the block enough times to know
that this is what generally is going to
happen that means you're desensitized to
it that's what these live streams do
they show you over real price action
with somebody that's going to show you
30 years of experience this is what I
see through my eyes this is what I see
watch and
observe that's all that's all you're
going to do and by watching and
observing Caleb is going to say okay I
see this I didn't see that dad so he
knows now I got to go in and look at
when the market does this or that as a
result and I don't know what he because
I'm I'm not able to read his mind
obviously he's going to have his own
questions just like you have a a large
degree of questions I'm sure from a
session like today but I want to go into
the 15-second chart because I said we
were going to do that but I also want to
re uh refer back to this little area
here so when the market was creating
this little run what I was anticipating
is that they were going to take this
relative equal High out that's what I
wanted to see okay
and I felt that we were going to work at
least in the lower half of the new week
opening gap which is this is the new
week opening Gap
low and this is new we opening Gap high
and all of this price that I'm sorry all
this price action here on a one minute
chart doesn't look as clear and obvious
as it will when we look at
the 15 second chart actually this not
what I want to do
here um
um let's look
at here if you study the
[Music]
video what the hell am I
doing here we go
right as price creates this price
running here I've already saw this low
this high in that low on a one minute
chart but like I have the charts over
here like I have a a one minute chart
over here which is really redundant
should that should be a
five and this should be a
15 when I'm watching price
action I'm looking at a higher time
frame chart and if I'm looking at
something on a a 5-second chart or 15sec
chart or a 30 second chart anything less
than 60 UH 60 seconds so sub one
minute I have to Anchor some logic as to
what I'm expected to see on the lower
time frame so for a 15-second
chart all of this run from here to
here is going to look different there's
going to be some not always there's not
going to be always a overlap of the same
inefficiency
the same gaps that would exist on a
15-second chart may or may not exist on
your one minute chart it certainly isn't
going to likely appear on a five minute
chart so the price Continuum price
delivery Continuum theory is where we're
we have something identified on a higher
time frame level and when I say one
minute in in Defence to a 5-second chart
one minute is higher time frame it's not
a significant higher time frame because
it's only a one minute chart but if I'm
going to engage price action with the
basis of a sub one minute chart that
means 5c 15c 30 second chart 45 second
chart something to that
effect I'm leaning on the logic that the
one minute chart is subordinate to
something higher than it which would be
the five and the 15 so if you do all of
your study initially with just a five
I'm sorry 15 minute 5 minute and one
minute chart you will have a solid
understanding of price action it doesn't
mean that you will know when the hold
for long-term up days or down days it
doesn't mean that you're going to hold
for the weekly range it just gives you
opportunity to practice and study where
and how price delivers and the
relationship between a 15-minute time
frame how it books price and then what
it looks like on a five-minute chart and
how it books price and then a one minute
chart but when you go down to a
15-second chart or anything less than a
one minute chart you're going to see
spotty price action that is many times
acceptable in that time frame but when
you start seeing things that agree with
say a one minute chart
here then it's going to be a matter
of let me do
this one minute chart
[Music]
bear with you one
second e
[Music]
you should be seeing the one minute
chart with the opening range Gap it's
shaded here but it's the
portion the lower half
portion
here of the new week opening Gap so new
week opening Gap High new week opening
Gap low if we measured that like this
and I'm just going to eyeball it
okay to 604
even see that right
there that's the lowest quadrant level
okay it
can trade to the midpoint but what's a
low hanging low threshold objective if
if you're going to Target something
going
long the lower quadrant right or the low
okay great so if I think that I'm
looking at a Marketplace
that's trading off of this
breaker
low lower low high that's not a breaker
that's a breaker to
me this retracement every retracement
that sees it break to the upside that's
a
breaker inside of here in this range
that up last up closed candle what is
that that's a bullish breaker
[Music]
we're trading down into it and then we
have a shift and Market structure right
there I want to see when this Gap formed
on what on a 15-second chart all these
boxes here are relative to a 15-second
chart you'll see it in a second but I
want you to look at the logic on a one
minute
chart shift the market structure on that
candle right right
there then we have the candle close here
so now on this time frame we would have
[Music]
this big Paradigm Shift about to take
place for
you you would see that Gap and this is
institutional entry Dr right there if
you were trading on the one minute chart
because you don't want to see this Gap
fill in this smaller Gap that's
different sh uh different shade of
color that is inside of that Gap because
it's a 15 second bid and balance Cid in
efficiency that you want to see what
stay
open stay open then you want to see it
displace higher proving that this is
going to stay open and then we have what
this rejection block is pierced right
there so then on the lower time frame
15c chart we will drop down to that
when it trades into this Gap that will
be based on a 15-second chart and it's
also what is it what's this on a one
minute chart what is
this that right there it's a
wick half that Wick because it's treated
like a gap if we measure that half of
that is
this so when I'm watching price action I
don't just look at one time
frame I have a Continuum of price from a
weekly to a daily to a 4H hour to 3 Hour
2 Hour 1 hour 30 minute 15 minute 5
minute 4 3 2 1 subm minute on a a a
matrix chart where it's a lot of the 5 4
3 2 1 and Sub sub one minute chart time
frames I watch and I'm reading price
action like this because that's exactly
what the algorithm's doing it's cycling
down and then going right back up
cycling down and right back up through
the time frames so if I know I'm in an
area where the woman is in a bu program
if it's going to go up where's it going
to go to new week opening Gap low
because it's going to gravitate towards
these new week opening gaps it's this
week's new week opening Gap it's a it's
a highly influential price action it's
like a or not price action it's a PD
rating price action it's like a black
hole it's not going to escape it it's
going to draw it back in well we're down
here waiting for it to prove they want
to go up wonderful
I don't need to be a buyer down here
when it's sloppy and who the hell knows
what it's going to do I don't need to
buy this institutional orderflow in
drill on the one minute chart I want
something that is in line after it's
occurred it's done this movement here
and then I had this wick on the one
minute chart I means that when we opened
up here and create that that
separation let me take this off for a
second that separation between that
Wick's high and that candle's close
wonderful the next candle we open up
here and does what it trades down there
is no Gap right here on the one minute
chart but there is a consequent
encroachment midpoint of that gap on
that Wick because Wicks are gaps that's
the logic I teach you to have so when we
see it drop down like this in the
recording I put on YouTube you can see I
executed a market order as it went into
that I hit it
Market rallied and then it showed this
imbalance here trades into that and
delivers up
into the new week opening Gap because
I'm trading pre session that means be
even before 7 o'clock I'm using the
logic of relative equal
highs over here so now watch what
occurs in price are these are these
relative equal highs hiding from you
were were they in your chart too of
course they were were you watching chart
at the time maybe maybe not I don't know
but I know that there's liquidity up
there in this Le in this 2024 mentorship
I taught you to validate a relative
equal High it is a high that has a
slightly lower high to the right of
it that's a that's a valid relative
equal high that is where your liquidity
is most likely going to be tapped can it
run relative equal highs that have a
slightly higher high than that one sure
can
the key is this is the part where you
write down [__] if you watch that one
that has a higher high if it makes the
higher high with a wick but the bodies
are still so showing this this body uh
close is slightly lower than that one if
the one that you think is a relative
equal high if it Wicks above it but the
body still stay below then the one to
the left that's still a valid relative
equal high and it'll go into the wick
you're just going to be met with the
challenge of you need to see it trade
above and close
and show speed and magnitude above if it
has a wick its consequent
approachment okay remember what we were
looking at when price was diving down
today below its initial low after 9:30
is opening I said watch the Wicks that's
why you need to see does it want to
indicate that it wants to go through
that if it does then you probably part
of a more meaningful run or if it does
that give it a chance to reverse and get
back above it which is what we outlined
this morning and trade to the opening
range Gap again and to write to the buy
side liquidity eye outline at the very
beginning of the
stream see how all this stuff goes
together it's it's it's logic that will
repeat for you but until you see it and
expose yourself to it via live stream
watching over real-time price action
because if I don't know what I'm talking
about you're going to see it it will
fail miserably the things won't be there
are you seeing that or are you seeing
[__] that just does not make sense
otherwise but works yeah it's like
technical science so this is the draw on
[Music]
liquidity are you having fun I'm having
fun all right so your buy stops are here
that's where your buy side liquidity is
this is the entry I'll show you that in
a minute it rallies creates an imbalance
here notice that this imbalance doesn't
even match on the U one minute chart but
we're watching on the lower time frames
but again what is
here when price goes above it do we just
disregard this well if you're watching
anything else but ICT that's exactly
what you
do no we don't do that we
take and you measure it on the time
frame it exists so there is what
consequent encroachment do these candles
touch that consequent encroachment
no so while I'm watching price action I
may be showing you the execution being
recorded on that one specific time frame
what am I not showing you it's my
observations through the price delivery
Continuum it's watching higher time
frames down the lower time frames and
I'm weighing out do my PD arrays keep
price from dropping or if I'm expecting
this consequent encouragement the trade
to which is reasonable it's
consequential it's consequential to you
holding on to the trade so it can
encroach into the mid part of that Wick
hence the name consequent encroachment
so if I'm looking at it and it doesn't
touch the midpoint of that if I'm
bullish and if I'm in a long trade does
that booler my confidence or does it
chip away at my confidence about holding
the
trade if it fails to touch that midpoint
is that a good thing or is it a bad
thing for my trade if I'm long I'm
trying to make a gain by having prices
move higher it's [__] wonderfully
delicious that's exactly what I want to
see happen but you aren't taught that in
anything else this is real
orderflow I didn't have to show you a
market profile volume I didn't have to
show you depth of Market a ladder no
vwap [__] all the Mickey Mouse [__]
you're literally seeing everything in
the open high low clo uh closed bars
okay everything is in price everything
they're never ever ever ever ever going
to be able to hide it from you it's
never going to be hidden from you they
cannot [__] hide it from you stop
worrying about it it's going to not work
because I'm going to start doing it's
going to stop work they going to change
the algorithm I'm not changing
[__] why part of this don't you
understand it's Gonna Keep [__]
working man come
on but you're watching time frames that
are higher down to the lower time frames
you're going to see things on the lower
time frames that you won't see on the
higher time frame for instance the 15sec
chart but I'm
managing I'm managing that expectation
of what the five minutes doing what the
15 minutes doing and how many things are
forming on that 15-minute chart it's not
forming like on a 15-second
chart and it's behind you after it forms
that means the price is Advanced if
you're on the right side you're moving
further away from that thing that
occurred on the 15minute time frame for
instance say this say this gap down here
was based on a 15-minute time frame and
we're we're trading here is this all
that influential in terms of watching
price action at that moment there no so
as I move away from the higher time
frame PD arrays that's supporting my
confidence that the trade's panning out
I don't need to worry about the
15-second anymore my focus drops down to
the five and as long as I'm moving away
from the PD arrays that's formed on the
FIV minute chart then that's wonderful
that's exactly what I want to see happen
but I'm watching that one minute chart
and then same thing because one minute
is going to be closest to anything less
than one minute chart so the PD arrays
that form on the one minute chart if I'm
working with a 15c 30 second 45 second
or 5 second chart I am very very hawkish
over the one minute chart I'm watching
every PD array this is an
example so if I have a wick here the
midpoint of that Wick I'm watching as
it's doing I could see it touch that but
I don't want to see it touch
it when the last time you were in a
trade and you know what you're looking
for for support or
resistance and you're think about it it
goes in the face of trading support and
resistance you want to see price find
support at support right I want to see
it come down touch this and and and and
push price higher well that there's
flawed logic because support ain't
pushing [__] but the narrative that
causes you to lose money and put false
hope in something it doesn't work I want
to see a level that could support but
not touch
it that right there is a whole paradigm
shift if something is reasonable to
assume that this is likely to happen in
price but it can't even do it it tells
you without a shadow of doubt it's
immediate feedback this [__] is
going up or going down in deference if
it can't trade up to a level that you
thought could be if it could be touched
think about
it never thought about like that have
you right because I take everything and
turn it upside down and when you do that
with trading it works if you do what
everybody else does you're gonna get the
same results 90% of people lose money 90
people [__] blow their accounts out
90% of people can't be profit longterm
they don't see what price is going to do
they can't trade they can't do this
can't do that they don't want to buy
they don't want to sell you can't time
to Market that's what they tell you you
can't TI the market what the [__] am I
doing here I'm literally telling you in
advance what it's going to do on a one
minute candle on a 15c candle why it
should do
it you have a choice you either believe
the guy that's standing here telling you
and proving it to you and charging
nothing for it or you believe everybody
else what are you going to do you have a
choice now what direction are you going
to walk forward with you going to
believe the guy that's proven it to you
and saying all you have to do is keep
taking lessons and you're going to learn
more as you go and it costs nothing out
of your pocket you're going to grow and
you eventually will make more than
you've ever [__] made in your job
ever and what you do beyond that is up
to you or you want to listen to
everybody else's opinion I don't know
you tell me which one's the best wiser
decision but that right there sets up
the tone for it to run higher how high
can it run well the draw is
the new week opening Gap low right no
because that's equivalent to and below
the relative equal highs it's over here
where the stops are this is where real
orders are anyone that's being short
they have stop orders right there how do
you protect a short stop I'm sorry short
position you put a buy stop on it so if
it goes up to that level you want to be
out because it could keep going higher
you don't want to hold on to unlimited
risk right so above highs or a singular
high after the Market's dropped you
don't need a book map to tell you that
there's buy stops above that
you don't need that do you need it in
the beginning to help convey and teach
you conceptually I believe at the time
when I first started if a if there was a
a way that I could see real
orders that would have helped me
understand why the market could gate to
a specific level but not to everything
and the perfect excuse of of saying why
it's not always the be all end all pania
that people say it is just look at the
live streamers that use it
why aren't they talking about the very
levels that call the high andm term high
and low in a day they're not because
they don't know how to read it it might
be telling you that that there's this
number of Trades sitting here in a
pending order but that number of Trades
you pending above an old high or
relative equal highs or below a low or
below relative equal lows doesn't mean
it's going to turn the
market it doesn't mean anything except
for that's where the orders are so if
that's all you're going to get from it I
I've already taught you how to read
price action where you don't need any
extra gimmick everything is in the chart
everything is in the
chart as long as you have real-time data
you have every weapon that's available
to you that's required to do
well so you can't use the new week
opening Gap low which is that big bold
line here from this week's Sunday's
opening you you can't use that one
because the the barrier to getting to
the liquidity is above that here by that
candle sticks high so right away we're
met with this is the initial interest
can it trade there and then if you start
doing calculations which you don't see
me doing but I'm showing you why I did
it and you're G to see right away this
is exactly what I was doing on my other
chart because I have monitors in front
of me and you can see that if you go on
my YouTube shorts uh you'll see my my
trading uh layout I have 12 monitors I
have a 13th monitor that I don't have
actually hung up and I was telling my
kids the other day I gotta get this
thing hung up it's it's a larger screen
but uh do you need all that stuff no and
I probably shouldn't have said it that
way because it sounds like oh man I'm
not gonna be able to trade like this or
have this information unless you don't
need that you can do it with a three
panel layout like I first started but I
had the prefaces part of the discussion
with the with the disclaimer again
because I don't want you believing just
because I said it I want you to
investigate it yourself see it if it's
there if it's not like anything else
okay for the people that go through it
and start trying to study it this way
it's going to unlock a perception of
price actions you've never seen before
everybody has a 50-minute time frame
everybody has a five minute everybody
has a one minute but they how they
manage it the Continuum of how price is
delivered through that that mechanism of
higher time frame down the lower time
frame and then back up not just one side
it's got to go back both ways and you're
constantly weighing out what feedback
you're getting with the PD arrays I've
teach and when you can see the price
action doing these elements and how it
supports price continuously moving it's
by it's not being negated it's not
eating into levels that would otherwise
be problematic everything supporting
each other but it's not support and
resistance it's not supply and demand
it's literally looking at how price
refers to liquidity and inefficiency in
the spectrum of moving in a
predetermined level above these relative
equal highs okay but now how far the
question is is always this where is
Price drawing to well where's the
relative equal highs and relative equal
lows once you determine that how far
beyond them can it reach well what uh
endg or new week opening Gap is existing
Beyond them because that's where it's
going to gravitate to so we
have the the buy side here these
relative equal Highs at the butt end and
into the lower quadrant of the new week
opening gap which is defined by that
high here this line
in this line if you watch the beginning
of the recording I show you where these
levels are anchored to it's Sunday and
mon Sunday and Mondays I'm sorry
Sunday's opening tick at 6: pm and where
Friday's settlement price was and the
difference between whichever is higher
that makes the the new week opening Gap
High whichever is
lower last Friday's settlement price or
Sunday's opening price is obviously the
low okay so that's how you define it
but the midpoint of it is here that
would be consequent
encroachment but because I want to have
the lowest threshold exit I want to show
my students how to do that I want to
show my son how to do that yeah it could
trade
there but what's before that the lower
quadrant level right there so to get
this this price it's going to have to
book what
19,618 these levels here and just know
that that
line once we get above the blue line
which is the bity here if we have
that on our chart we can do
this we can look at a 15-second chart
here all of the things that are over
here on this
chart right
here are being shown to you on a one
minute chart and I'm watching on a 15c
chart now 15-second chart your first
time seeing it you're going to think wow
it's too
fast I can't use that time frame it's
too fast it's not moving any faster than
with that one minute and 15minute time
frame the hourly chart the daily chart
if you're watching ticking price on a
15sec chart have a daily candle chart
right next to it and you'll see it's not
moving any
faster but because you're looking at the
candlesticks forming closing creating
another one open forming closing it
feels fast but when you anchor it to a
higher time frame reference point like
for instance the one minute chart the
one minute chart is my guide on what I'm
doing for a 45 second chart a 30 second
chart a 15sec chart and a 5-sec chart
I've executed and you've seen me do this
with a 5-sec chart and it has the same
measure of precision that I show on any
other time frame so if if I'm looking
on a one minute chart like this and I'm
expecting price to gravitate up to that
19610 two5 level which is right here as
well on the 15sec chart it could trade
up to the halfway point of the new week
opening gap which is here over here okay
but I want to be able to teach my son
how to get very easy objectives where
it's not hard work it's more likely to
fill this one than try to reach for
something that's really high and lofty
because I've been in a pursuit of
perfection my entire career and every
time I demand Perfection while I'm
moving in the direction right direction
because of the aspect of the limit order
meeting the spread in that agreement
before I get my
fill sometimes I don't get my exess even
though the price can book there and I've
shown this in live streams I've shown it
in live examples I've shown it with Live
accounts I've done it and it trades to
the price I've called it trades to the
Limit order price that should have
booked but it doesn't it doesn't trip me
in that I take that as a little
aggravating but it's also a pattern the
back for saying you know what you're a
[__] animal ICT because literally you
called The Very turning point and they
were being dicks on the way out the door
they said no you can't have it you
[__] you're taking everything
from us and we can't let you have it
don't take the last piece of
pie so I have afforded myself a strategy
that says yes I can see where the best
turning points are likely to form but on
a steady diet I need to know where the
easiest barriers to profitable exits are
going to be for me which is the easiest
thing to get to Well it can't be the low
because that's where the actual relative
equal Highs are where the buy side is
and it's just slightly above that so
that's that blue line remember and then
above that we have the lower quadrant of
the new week opening Gap and then then
we have the the midpoint of it so this
level here is the easiest threshold to
exit profitably even if I can't get the
midpoint of the new week opening Gap so
you see how I'm measuring with logic
that it could go to a specific level
that I can forecast I can see it and I
can feel good in my journal and say I
felt really strong about the consequent
corach of that level being traded to but
rules state that to have a low barrier
to exit profitably state that what's
what's the threshold prior to that one
well it would be the lower quadrant of
the new week opening
Gap and then as price created this level
here that's green that I'm looking for
that to be a
breakaway and it acted as such it didn't
even trade back down into it and then we
had this Gap here from where we closed
here we opened on that Candlestick right
there and there's an actual Gap with an
order
block this is a strong PD array if you
ever have an actual Gap where there's no
no width and you see it
after a down close candle and you're
bullish as soon as it trades down into
that that's a buy and that's why I
bought it but it's the
Gap even if that order block wasn't
there this this would been a fair value
guy and that's what's highlighted there
in blue so it's for students that know
more than you generally do as a new
student Watching Me on YouTube I've had
students for a number of years following
me and they have a little bit advantage
of having been with me longer and they
know a little bit more about what it is
I teach but most of it's actually on
this YouTube channel so don't look at
them and say well I wish I would have
been just watch the [__] videos
they're here for free but as it slammed
into that I went along entered at the
market you watch it in the recording and
then we rallied
up in this area right
here right there that's this
Wick that's what's being measured on the
one minute chart I'm watching as price
is going up I'm watching the 15 second
destroy the midpoint of that right there
which is exactly what I want to see and
then when we start to come back down in
I don't want to see it touched does it
touch it there no oh no oh no oh no I
want to see it come down there and not
touch it does it touch it no then it
starts to Rally up wonderful
institutional order for in why because
we have proof that it doesn't want to go
down consequent encroachment here based
on a one minute chart see what I'm doing
I'm measuring the strength and the
magnitude that's still possible in the
delivery of the price but I'm measuring
the underlying strength and seeing does
this really prove that I'm on the right
side and is the market breath in a
visual representation that can never
hide it from you is it supporting higher
prices yes because if they was weak and
touched this level here then it's
probably going to have a deeper
retracement on me I don't want to see
that I want to be a part of a trade I
want to hold on to a trade I want to
[__] add to trades that show me all
these types of signatures that tell me
no I can't even get down air for you ICT
yeah this is your [__] but I can't even
get down air for you I can't even get
down
okay that means you're getting ready to
go up for me and I'm already on side so
I'm going to be comfortable I'm going to
be wonderful and then I'm going to make
my target better when it was just above
that blue line watch the recording I
raise it up to some random level that
you can't see otherwise but it's the
lower
[Music]
quadrant there's the Buy as it happened
real time look at the look at the little
carrot that appears right at the order
block look at that you see
that beautiful isn't
it that's the
entry could you improve on that ICT I
probably could have by a tick that's the
best I probably could have improved on
because I was doing it with a market
limit order I probably could have done
consequent encroachment but RIS maybe
not getting filled but that is [__]
poetry like that's beautiful like that's
beautiful the market rallies up comes
back down doesn't give me consequent
encroachment tough there folks this is
this is [__] Beyond Charter level
Charter level members never even learned
this [__] they never were going to get
these lessons they never ever ever ever
would have gotten this lesson ever they
never would have gotten it they never
would have learned this this never been
taught anywhere else before it's never
intended to be in the public size it
never was supposed to be in your
hands and you're watching this stuff you
might be thinking this is complicated or
this is dumb I don't get
this the logic was used that they take
the trade and you're going to hear me
bloviate about the same stuff every
single time we're in front of live
streams this is what you're looking for
you're watching this Caleb you're
looking for this and you're G to see
this [__] just keeps happening over and
over and over again and it might seem
alien to you it might seem complex to
you right now but you're gonna see it
doesn't get complex it gets easier
because you keep seeing me say the same
things about the same stuff all you have
to do is know where the price is going
to
move where is it going to draw relative
equal highs okay how far past the
relative equal highs well is there a new
day opening G or is there a new week
opening Gap just above it where is a
close proximity use that one if the
range permits it break that range or
inefficiency into
quadrants lowest quadrant right here
what's that price right there 19,000
60.25 to get that price you got to book
what one tick above
it bam look real close right here you'll
see the little arrow where I get out at
BAM right there that's the logic folks
so am I making this [__] up as I go
along and just happens to [__] line
up to the things I'm teaching that's the
that's the other [__] I get in my
comment section oh this is after the
fact he's just trying to make it fit
he's just cherry picking are you out of
your [__] mind here's what I'm doing
I'm cherry-picking everything that
[__] works live right in front of
you how about that one yeah of course
I'm [__] cherry picking I know which
fair value G I want that's the one I
want the one I called to you live and
told you gonna be institutional in
institutional order flow entry drill and
it delivered like a [__] gang Buster
bang
delivered I don't run out of [__]
luck and I don't run out of [__]
yeast this Baker can make [__] cakes
forever as long as the Lord gives me
breath and faculties I can still have in
my head I'm going to be doing this
it's not going to stop working so you
might as well just warm up to the idea
that hey this is the real [__] I'm going
to try to learn how to do this even if
you're just 1% better each week you're
moving in the right direction and don't
let go of it keep progressing further
and further in the future you'll see it
it works it [__] works so now let's
slide on
over into the
9:30 and this is probably going to be
the last long one in the series
because I have to make it uh palatable
for Caleb because it is a lot I'm GNA
take these these are just measuring
those Wicks on the one minute chart and
I don't
need
this and I don't need the old lows I'm
sorry the relativ equ we don't need to
see that
anymore and we don't
need and we'll keep that one for now all
right so 930 okay so we ran up into the
opening range Gap went above it a little
bit broke down here's a gap right there
you see
that right there we overshoot it a
little bit that's that's equivalent to a
one minute Mohawk just a little bit of a
coloring outside the range you have to
keep things in perspective because this
is a 15-second chart meaning every
single individual Candlestick is
representing the open the highest high
the lowest low and where we sto trading
every 15 seconds
now it sounds scary like man is this
moving too fast it's moving no faster
than it's moving on an hourly chart a
weekly chart a monthly chart a yearly
chart it's not moving any faster the
only thing that tricks you by
perspective is the frequency of a new
candle forming the range upon which it's
moving higher and lower it's not
changing that the same amount of time in
fluctuation is occurring so when people
say the speed is too fast they're really
talking out their ass because the
Market's still doing the same speed
what's changing is the magnitude of the
move that is not determined by the time
frame you're watching it's that that
that has no it has
no direct influence of how far it's
going to
go something occurring on a 15-second
chart doesn't equate to or make a 100
pip or 100 hand run in
price you can't think about it like that
the Market's going to run like that
because of time if it's the right time
for those types of runs to occur then it
will it matters not whether you're
perceiving price through a 15-second
chart a one minute chart five minute
chart 15sec chart whatever time frame
you're watching the magnitude or the
distance upon which price is going to
move is dictated by the time upon which
that move begins and it doesn't mean
that you begin a move on a 15-second
chart
15-second charts just gives you these
areas of opportunity for you engaging
price it does not make the move faster
and it doesn't slow the move down it
just gives you opportunities to engage
what's going to be in play higher prices
or lower prices okay so we're going to
go into the second drop where we're
spending too much time in the opening
range we're inside this inefficiency
here we Dro down after working the
midpoint of it or not the midpoint of it
the uh
lower lower
quadrant we drop institutional Oro in
drill there almost immediate rebalance
right there if I was watching this live
as it was going up like that I would
have commented said watch for immediate
uh immediate rebounce immediate rebounce
is when you have a big down closed
candle and the next candle opens up and
goes right back up to the previous
candle before the down close or the
larger range candle and when touches
that right there that's one of the best
onside indicators that you could ever
get in trading and when you're watching
time frames and you're watching and
managing your trade any instance of that
occurring and you have not had liquidity
taken it didn't happen yet until that
right there see that so it could have
very easily went up and touched that
candle's low if it did that would be an
area where I would pyramid if I was
short I would pyramid
there and I would look for this lad to
show speed through through it it does
and now be first
partial but let's go to the conversation
about what I outlined real time
[Music]
on the live stream you watch me execute
on something beforehand and I get the
Flack all the time why can't you talk
about these moves in real time ICT
you're a [__] you're a
fraud well when I do it you don't pay
attention to it you want me to execute
and place my stop loss so you can mimic
me I don't I don't want you doing that
but I will do it here I have to do it
because I want my son to do it so we
have this I'm going to take this box and
then that shade the Blue Area remember I
was telling you that's the range between
the opening price to the lowest low of
the day so now it's gone and now that
chart looks familiar again okay so we
went down below the lows over here this
is a a one minute chart on the left low
and a slightly lower low to left that
there so we went down below this low
right
there this price action right there is
this price action right here
[Music]
watch see how I'm making that little box
here on the one minute chart it shows it
here on the 15 second chart so the
market has a shift in Market structure
on the 15sec chart here the same same
thing you see on this one minute candle
it rallies up this is a
breaker this is a
breaker this breaker this up closed
candle extend that in time there so you
have a gap which is a bide and balide
and
efficiency and you have the midpoint of
that gap which is consequent inment and
then you have the breaker so you have
several things there if you were
watching a 15-second chart or if I was
trading on a 15 second chart I would
have tested the market by entering in
here would it feed that idea it rallies
up and it does then we said we want to
watch it trade back down into the new
day opening Gap high and maybe as low as
the new day new day opening Gap low on
the 16th go back and listen to the early
part of this stream you'll hear me
saying those things over live price
action before it
happened later on in the Stream I
explained why because the loty was over
here with this the bodies were expecting
the new day opening Gap high and it
didn't do it here so which low am I
going to refer to as a a discount array
for Price this one even though this is
lower I don't care about that I want
this one why because this one was
respecting the same reference point I'm
using to enter off of over here one one
minute chart we want to see it open
trade down to that new day opening gap
on the
16th we get that here trades down hit it
and then rallies up then we have
displacement we have a separation of
overlapping candles which is what we're
seeing in here all of these candles are
overlapping they're sharing the same
price range the highest high and the
lowest low they keep pricing them back
and forth and then we leave it right
there wonderful that's this movement
right there on that candle in the one
minute
chart that's what I said when this
candle was still active on the one
minute chart lower left hand corner when
the candle I'm highlighting right there
was still forming had not closed yet I
said we're going to see a fair value Gap
and I would like to see it create an
Institutional orderflow entry Dr
that means go one tick below this
candle's low and then rally up to new
week opening G low and then we'll see
what it does after that well we get that
here
boom
rallies see
that this we don't want to see that
close back in why because we're close to
a Target and if it's if it's going to go
here it's probably going to run this
High because there stops right before
this drop down here anyone short where's
it going to place their protective buy
stop at right above this high so if it's
going to go
here and trade into this old opening gap
which is shaded in pink that's the
difference between yesterday's
settlement price and where we started
trading at 930 that's the opening range
Gap price eventually trades up into the
air and hits the new week opening Gap
High look at the
bodies look at the bodies respective
that on a 15 second
chart buying and selling pressure causes
that right buying and selling
pressure
causes that much of respect of a level
that's supposed to be randomly pulled
out of my own ass no come on man at some
point you're just going to have to you
say this is this is something to this
and it's not somewhere else in
books no other teacher no author talked
about it then you have this inefficiency
down
here and go over to the left see
that so this singular candle and this
singular candle here are sharing space
the same
space the same range and it passed
through with one single Candle on the
downside here and on the upside here go
back and listen to the time when we were
trading here we can see it drop down
below the new week opening Gap low and
trade into the
inefficiency right here but this is a
balanced price range because we passed
through it here and we passed through it
here so between this candle's low and
that candle's high that little box is
balanced it's like a brick [__] wall
it's like you will not pass me why
because it's in a buy program it's going
to be reaching for the
liquidity here here and where we
mentioned earlier where the where the
buy side was eventually we saw traded to
but the point was I can see this I'm
watching this and I'm pairing this up
with this over here so just as much as
this is a balance price range this
candle in the lower leand corner that
candlesticks high and that candlesticks
low those two price points Define where
two candles back to back have traded in
both directions passed through multiple
times in that
range so think about like a trading
range okay you ever studied uh the
trading range in a market it's you most
Traders are doing what they're waiting
for the
breakout okay and I'm not a breakout
Trader but I can understand that when a
market passes back and forth through a
predefined range high and
low it's going to take something
significant to go on the other side of
it so if I can see those types of
signatures in price
action it's two forms of it single
delivery down here one candle and I mean
it like this look at it like this
conceptually view view it like this
[Music]
Gap well now we passed through it so we
offered what here buy side what's
missing over here buy side because they
only have one single candle going down
so in a perfect world a balanced Market
a efficiently delivered Market would
have the range open all the way up to
here and pass back through it because
only this single candle for 15 seconds
only passed through the range of the
previous candle's low to the candle's
High here so between those two points
that's shaded in this blue it only
offered movement going to the downside
how many times could someone buy or sell
in at 15 seconds not much so what's it
inefficient it's inefficient in the
scope of price moving up doing that same
price range and we get it
here okay so because we have one single
pass on this candle and this candle here
I I see that visually as a balance price
range it's offered both sides it's true
because we have not seen what the buy
side that was going to be targeted which
is the the 6
38.757195 but I'm anchoring it to the F
uh to the one minute chart as I'm
referring to this Candlestick here and
this candles that's a Balan price range
but it looks visually like this on a
15sec chart so there's more room for it
to have this little errant price action
there but it's not errant
on this time frame because
watch we're inside that balanced price
range it did not take out that candle's
low that's reasonable it's like a brick
wall you're not going to go past
me past what the low of that range
that's defined by that candle
find that logic in in a trading book
it's not
there it's not there I had to come up
with a way to describe something that I
still can't go beyond the scope of what
I'm saying here that's really occurring
right there but because it happens to
visually agree with the primary function
of what's occurring at that
time it allows me to communicate to you
visually balanced price ranges are an
efficient delivery mechanism but if they
ever fail that's a huge huge indication
that something has changed and it's
manual intervention because
algorithmically the price is going to
respect these types of things but if
they stop the hand's in the mix the hand
is the market maker the people that are
going to push price Beyond where you
think they're going to go even my stuff
even me taking a trade is not going to
work they're just going to upset it and
that's okay I can accept that problem is
can you can you accept an uncertainty of
when that's going to
occur I got things I can see when they
get involved in it but not always but
when I see things like a balanced price
range giveway then there's something
underlyingly behind the scenes that I I
don't know what they're doing but I know
now they're in it remember the analogy I
gave you when Neo in the book uh not the
book the movie The Matrix he sees that
black cat walk and they looks over and
sees it again he says well that's weird
that's deja I just saw the same cat
twice and they all knew because of
experience shit's changing we got to go
the the agents are on our way or on
their way there's a change in the The
Matrix they made a change that's manual
intervention the same thing when I'm
watching price visually and I see things
like a balanced price range break what I
think was underway is changed it's not
likely to occur here that's not the case
we're
seeing this candle's high that candle
slow because it's moved back and forth
in that range we're not concerned about
price going below that
we're seeing it deliver up down up down
up you see it that's the balance price
range here on the 15 second chart but
visually it's this this candle's high
that candle's low but it's occurring
right there did that Candlestick go
below that low right there no it didn't
so what's changed nothing everything's
still valid that's why I was telling you
I believe we're going to go down to this
little area here in the inefficiency on
the one minute chart but not go below
this area here because this is a balance
price range this Range High that range
low listen go back and watch the
recording it's there this is the part
when people watch these portions of it
it sounds like oh he's making up [__] I
I I get so tired of saying this [__]
that if you just listen I'm telling you
this stuff before it happens now I'm
explaining in at nauseum the details as
to why it's doing what it's doing what
it looks like how to recognize it
remember pattern recognition when you're
hunting something you have to know how
to track it this is what a track of this
balance price range looks like and you
can see it going back down into that
balanced price range but not going past
it it says no you're not going lower
than that so any retracement down like
there that's not changing anything it's
breaking the hearts of anybody that you
know uh may be trading against
it maybe they're long up here they CH
they chased it and it's dropping down
here and now they're scared like oh it's
going to keep dropping
no the market rallies back up finds some
support at the new week opening got low
again and then here and I was telling
you watch look what it's doing here
during the live stream see how it's
finding support right at the uh um
middle of the opening range Gap that's
what this
is okay the opening range Gap I'm G take
that
off when you take the stuff off like
this it's like what is it doing
it's hard to discern what it is it's
trying to do and if you start looking
for indicators to give you Clues if you
start looking at the harmonic patterns
and things or retail
patterns you're placing your faith on
something that doesn't mean
[__] but when you start looking at what
the algorithm will refer to that's what
I'm pointing you to I'm pointing to the
very reference points and I'm proving it
live these are what the reference points
that the algorithm is going to refer
back
to and it's going to behave based on
nothing else and then what does price do
everything that he [__]
says and for people that don't want to
see me do this and they want to watch me
fail in front of you it kills them they
punch the [__] air it makes them mad
and I love it cry harder
[__] and the market rallies up comes
back down small little retracement this
is the old relative equal High which is
now as it retraces is what it is a
discount count array so old highs is is
the highest form of a premium array old
lows are the um I said that wrong I'm
sorry old Highs are the lowest discount
array it sounds like an oxymoron how can
an old high because if you're above it
and trading back down think CL in this
regard think classic support and
resistance old Highs are the highest
discount array old lows are the lowest
premium
array so if you have a reference of how
what where where the Market's going to
draw to up or down every time you breach
a PD array you got to look back at the
range at just travel through and map out
each PD array did you miss a PD array
not being traded to did it totally
disregard it that's a good thing that's
a good thing that means you're on side
all those things are indicative that
you're on the right side of the
marketplace so the answer the question
in continuity and what I was referring
to last Friday when I saying when people
are asking me how do you hold on to
trades how do you trust trading and
catching big moves well I talked a lot
about that I did a clinic on it
today and the market trades back down in
relative equal
lows sweeps it doesn't touch the uh new
week opening Gap here high and now we're
just Manning around and this is a 15sec
chart
breaks down where's the trade back into
new week opening Gap High what time of
day is this we're in lunch so what can
the lunch uh Market time do retrace on
what's been profitable so it goes back
against what was been underway in terms
of higher prices or lower prices so it's
going to seek the sell stops on moves
that's been going up or it's going to
seek the buy stops on moves that's been
going
lower look at the reaction off of that
and where we're at here
I mean if if if you don't extend the new
week opening gaps on your chart and keep
them on there for a few weeks you're
really you're trading blind like you
have no idea why the Market's doing what
it's doing and if you're indicator or if
your idea if your elbow last time you
had tennis elbow the market went up
whatever the [__] logic is that you
use whatever it is if it agrees with my
stuff your stuff's going to work then
and you can say that's arrogant or not
but that's [__] truth that's what
makes your stuff work when it happen to
be in those fleeting moments where it's
in agreement with what I say the
Market's going to do and then there it
go now
imagine now imagine you have done the
due diligence of studying and
price reading like we're doing tape
reading and defining certain things
getting familiar with certain
logic when you s when you sign up to
learn a language
like I went through uh Spanish one and
Spanish 2 and uh I know a little bit of
Arabic I know a little bit of
uh Spanish that's pretty much it um
there those are the two languages that I
uh I learned from and when I was working
for an Arabic family uh I learned all
the bad words first obviously because I
want to know when they're cussing me out
behind my back and then uh I learned the
Casual stuff
and when you sit down with
me and you want to learn how to read
price action and you want to be able to
read price action and do the executions
like you watch me do and you want to see
me share this logic in a way that's
straightforward easy real fast I want
you to think about say you're say you're
F and you want to learn to speak English
and a lot of my students actually chose
to learn how to speak English because of
wanting to learn from me this and now
they can speak English because they have
been so inspired to learn how to trade
they forced themselves to learn English
so that way you can listen to
me did that come
easy no way when you learn another
language it takes time and it's very
difficult especially the English
language because we have words that
shouldn't sound like other words that
spelled completely different like w w o
d and then you have w l d what yeah it's
very confusing and if you have time you
can look on YouTube look at Gallagher
he's a he's a a very funny uh comedian
and he's very popular for taking this as
a skit idea and makes fun of our English
language and it's like who the hell
designed this this is dumb but it really
is true I'm thankful that I had learned
English initially because I think I
would have been treating it like I did
when I was trying to learn French or I I
tried to learn chinesee and that's a
really hard language I tried to write
and read Arabic that's very hard too
it's beautiful to read like I love the
way it looks it's
beautiful but it was hard enough just to
learn to to speak a little bit of it and
I'm not that fluid with it but I can get
myself through a little bit of a
conversation but
uh learning a language like this is not
going to be easy it's not going to be
rightaway type results okay it's it's
going to take time it's going to feel
like you're never going to get there but
I'm giving you the best way like if
you're going to learn a language work
around people that speak that language
and because of the exposure to
it when I was working at a restaurant in
the Arab family that I worked
for they would speak in Arabic and then
they would say in English so I would
know what they were doing and I I would
hear him or them say the words and then
over time I'm like oh yeah he's saying
are they rung up yet did they pay yet um
is this done how many more left this is
not complete you know or hand them this
and hand them that and it was monotonous
for them but they were nice enough to do
that so I could I could learn Arabic and
that's the equivalent of what I'm doing
I use the real world experience of me
learning while
working I'm over top of live price
action with you just like I am with my
son so I'm showing you things as the
price is happening to be delivering
higher or lower around specific levels
that I think are important that are
pertinent to the ideas that I teach and
I draw your attention to the moments
where you're met with a
decision does it continue or is it
likely to reverse or is it done for the
day and I share my experience in in 30
years of doing this with you real
time there really is no better benefit
than having someone that is willing to
do this I would have saw my left [__]
leg off as a 20-year-old when I had all
that money lost and draw down and just
feeling like I want I wanted to end
myself literally I wanted to end myself
because I was like why did I even start
doing this I'm never going to be able to
get it like it's just I don't have
anybody to lean on nobody can help me
nobody believes in me my family thinks
it's never going to work my friends are
like you know I don't get why you keep
doing it so I had no support structure
around me you have such a wonderful
opportunity just to sit here and watch
even if you don't really want to learn
what it is I'm doing I promise you that
if you're watching price in you're
trading you're going to see something
you didn't see or expect in what you're
watching and it might protect you it
might change your mind about something
you may be overhanded and like you're
really really bearish and you're holding
a really big short position and I'm
saying and watch this level it's
probably gonna send us up to that level
when when I do that in the live streams
you have my permission to try to protect
your ass because if you're on the other
side of me calling this stuff in the
live stream you're probably going to
lose your ass and I mean that not to be
bragging not to hurt your feelings not
to be arrogant I mean it wholeheartedly
because I'm doing this for my son I'm
not gonna I'm not going to blow smoke up
his ass I'm not trying to deter him from
learning the shortest route and
directional way to get right to the end
of the conversation of knowing what to
do I'm trying to make
it complete
I'm
also showing him the levels that he has
to understand in a graduated
Manner and it's up to you to decide
whether or not you want to be a part of
it like I said I don't care if there if
it's one person that watched it I know
it's my son and I'm going to keep doing
it No One's Gonna Stop Me if you don't
put thumbs up I don't give two [__] I
really don't care you can do it thumbs
down I don't give a [__] I'm still gonna
keep doing this I'm gonna do it because
he wants to learn and I want him to
learn the correct way and there's no
better way way than Dad sitting out here
doing it with a live chart recording it
so that way it's recorded it's it's
logged it's archived and even if
something bad happened and I and I lost
my laptop the recordings that are on it
don't matter because I have it on an
external archive it's on YouTube and
there's Witnesses all around the world
seeing me do it seeing that it works
seeing that the logic is the same stuff
it's not being bent and twisted and
contorted it's there and now to the last
question before I go grab something to
eat a Reaper fair value Gap just because
I introduced it don't think you know it
don't think because I showed my deuce
you think you know everything okay there
are certain little things that change in
price that make it one thing or the
other every fair value Gap is not the
same if they share the same space of
another PD it changes its character
it changes it it makes it something else
again you don't know what the [__]
you're talking about okay so stop trying
to teach and trying to call it something
else it's not and when you question me
about what I'm annotating on my chart
unless I come back and say I messed this
up I mess and I've done that like I've
said um I referred to a market maker
sell model when it was really a buy
model and or I referred to a second
stage uh distribution when it was
clearly going up and that's
reaccumulation second stage
reaccumulation
because I'm out here without script and
I'm going to do it eventually in the
future I'm going to say something that
slips that's a slip of the tongue but
that is a Reaper fair value Gap that I
showed the other day and I told you to
project it through extend it
through and how many times it used it
key takeaway what is August
1st first day of the
week what
time did that Gap get referenced
it happens every single
month because the algorithm will go back
to a specific date what date would it
use first trading Day first day of
week
Wednesday previous
Friday that's not all of them but I'm
proving that there is an algorithm and
it's going back to days
specific why because it has to go back
to a frame of reference we're in a new
month okay what month are we in
August well let's go back to the first
day of
August use the first pertinent PD aray
of
August carry it through your chart and
you're going to see [__] that you never
saw before that's all I'm going to tell
you now the rest of stuff will be in the
book but when I give a spe a specific PD
in an it as long as I don't come back
the day after because I have made
mistakes before I've I've miscued
miscalled something and it's just human
error like I have a Biden movement once
in now once in a while it's just you're
gonna have it too and every live
streamer I've ever watched they' they've
said [__] that I don't think they
realized it but if they go back in their
recording and say oh [__] you know why I
didn't say that it was backwards it was
but I get it and if you're a mature
audience member you know you know what a
market maker buy model is if you've been
around the block with me and if it's
going up it's not distribution that's
reaccumulation so it's just an innocent
type thing but that was an absolute re
uh Reaper a Reaper is a [__] Scythe
it literally cuts through the whole
[__] month and makes it so tradable
where any opportunity you see where you
can engage that one as long as it
matches time of day when the market
should deliver it's just obvious it's
just a real easy that's that's one of
those times when you ask me how do you
know which one which which fair value
you got to use well that's one of them
because it has to be anchored to a
specific
day that is Meaningful first day of
month first day of week what's the first
fair value Gap that forms after
930 on a Monday draw that [__] out
through the time over the course of your
week and the
month oh this is too good I'll give you
too much [__] I'm giving too much away
what the hell I'm gonna have to open up
a mentorship I'm never going to be able
to eat again how am I going to give how
am I going to keep giving this sit away
for free how can how can I make my ends
me if I keep giving it away for free
right oh anyway I've had so much fun
with you all today I spent my time Way
Beyond what I want to spend so tomorrow
we're going to try to be a little bit
more economical and focus just on a 9:30
to 10:30 hour because I want to keep
keep my son's focus into that little
time window okay and I may leave you
with things to annotate and watch going
throughout the rest of the day but
Tuesday through Friday through the rest
of this week we're just going to be
doing one hour sessions I don't know
which day this week we're going to do
two sessions in the afternoon I'm I'm
leaving that open because I have to rely
on my wife to to tell me what that is we
have family members visiting us
and I have to navigate that so I want to
make sure that I tell you in advance
it's not because I got a a bruised ego
and I did something wrong on the stream
I had to close it I'm telling you in
advance that they're going to be shorter
because I have to make allowances for my
personal family time but still force my
son into studying
that individual trading day Okay so
until I talk to you tomorrow we'll be
back again at quarter after 9: tomorrow
New York Standard Time and uh we'll end
it tomorrow around 10:30 and I'll talk
with you all then Lord willing until
then be safe